Inclusion Criteria:~1. Diagnosis of AD according to the 2024 National Institute on Aging and Alzheimer's
Association criteria.~2. Male or female, aged 55 - 85 years.~3. MMSE 21-28 at screening and baseline.~4. CDR
global score=0.5 or 1, with memory box score at least 0.5 at screening and baseline.~5. Positive for amyloid
beta as defined by plasma p-tau217 level at screening.~6. Neuroimaging (MRI) consistent with the clinical
diagnosis of AD and without findings of significant exclusionary abnormalities (see exclusion criteria # 4). A
historical MRI, up to 1 year prior to screening, may be used as long as there have been no interval clinical
neurologic events that may suggest a change in the MRI scan.~7. Have a study partner who will provide written
informed consent to participate, is in frequent contact with the participant (defined as at least 10 hours per
week) and will accompany the participant on study visits at designated times.~8. Female participants of
childbearing potential\* must have a negative urine pregnancy test at screening, must be non-lactating and must
agree to use a highly effective method of contraception (i.e., a method resulting in a failure rate of less
than 1% per year when used consistently and correctly) during the trial and for one month after the last dose
of trial treatment, such as:~ * Oral, intravaginal, or transdermal combined (estrogen plus progestogen)
hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation,~ * Oral, injectable, or implantable
progestogen-only hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation,~ * Intrauterine device (IUD),~
* Intrauterine hormone-releasing system (IUS),~ * Bilateral tubal occlusion,~ * Vasectomized partner (a
vasectomized partner is a highly effective contraception method provided that the partner is the sole male
sexual partner of the participant. If not, an additional highly effective method of contraception should be
used),~ * Sexual abstinence (sexual abstinence is considered a highly effective method only if defined as
refraining from heterosexual intercourse during the entire period of risk associated with the study treatment.
The reliability of sexual abstinence needs to be evaluated in relation to the duration of the study and the
preferred and usual lifestyle of the participant).~ * Non-childbearing potential includes surgically sterilized
or postmenopausal with no menstrual bleeding for at least one year prior to study start.~9. Male participants
must be sterile or sexually inactive or agree not to father a child during the study and one month after the
last dose of study medication and must agree to use a barrier method for contraception. Female partners of male
participants must adopt a highly effective method of contraception with a failure rate of less than 1% per year
when used consistently and correctly such as:~ * Oral, intravaginal, or transdermal combined (estrogen plus
progestogen) hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation,~ * Oral, injectable, or
implantable progestogen-only hormonal contraception associated with inhibition of ovulation,~ * IUD,~ * IUS,~ *
Bilateral tubal occlusion.~10. General cognition and functional performance sufficiently preserved that the
subject can provide written informed consent.~11. No evidence of current suicidal ideation or previous suicide
attempt in the past month as evaluated in the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale.~12. Stability of
permitted medications for at least 4 weeks prior to screening. Refer to Concomitant Medications section for
details on prohibited and permitted medications.~ * Cholinesterase inhibitors and/or memantine medication,~ *
Anticonvulsant medications used for epilepsy or mood stabilization, or neuropathic pain indications, and have
not had a breakthrough seizure in 3 years prior to screening~ * Mood-stabilizing psychotropic agents including,
but not limited to, lithium.~13. Adequate visual and hearing ability (physical ability to perform all the study
assessments).~14. Participants previously exposed to buntanetap can still be included in the study after a
28-day wash out period.~
