Inclusion criteria:~Participants must meet all of the following criteria to be included in this study:~1. Male
or female, age 55 to 80 years inclusive at the time of informed consent, with a plasma biomarker result that is
predictive of intermediate or elevated brain amyloid at Screening or known before Screening to have elevated or
intermediate amyloid according to previous PET, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF), or plasma testing~ â€¢ Those 55 to
64 must have 1 of the following additional risk factors, given the relatively low rates of amyloid positivity
less than (<) 65 years, before screening:~ * First degree relative diagnosed with dementia onset before age 75,
or~ * Known to possess at least 1 apolipoprotein E4 variant (APOE4) allele, or~ * Known before screening to
have elevated brain amyloid according to previous plasma biomarker results, PET imaging, or CSF testing~2.
Global Clinical Dementia Rating (CDR) score of 0 at screening~3. Mini Mental State Examination score greater
than or equal to (≥) 27 (with educational adjustments) at screening.~4. Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised Logical
Memory subscale II (WMS-R LM II) score at screening of ≥6~5. A45 Trial: Elevated brain amyloid pathology by
amyloid PET: defined as approximately greater than (>) 40 Centiloids on screening scan A3 Trial: Intermediate
levels of brain amyloid pathology by amyloid PET: defined as approximately 20 to 40 Centiloids on screening
scan~6. Has a study partner that is willing to participate as a source of information and has approximately
weekly contact with the participant (contact can be in-person, via telephone or electronic communication). The
study partner must have sufficient contact such that the investigator feels the study partner can provide
meaningful information about the participant's daily function~7. Provide written (or electronic, if allowed per
country-specific regulations) informed consent~8. Willing and able to comply with all aspects of the
protocol~For extension phase :~1. Completed the Core Study, or meet the following progression criteria during
the Core Study:~ * Two consecutive CDR visits with Global Scores > zero when measured at least 6 months apart
within the Core Study~ * The principal investigator's confirmation that the participant has clinically declined
consistent progression to EAD~2. Must continue to have a study partner who is willing and able to provide
follow-up information on the participant throughout the course of the Extension Phase. The study partner must
provide separate written informed consent for the Extension Phase. Study partners must continue to have
sufficient contact such that the investigator feels the study partner can provide meaningful information about
the participant's daily functions~3. Provide written informed consent for the Extension Phase. If a participant
lacks capacity to consent in the investigator's opinion, the participant's assent should be obtained, if
required and in accordance with local laws, regulations, and customs, plus the written informed consent of a
legal representative (capacity to consent and the definition of a legal representative should be determined in
accordance with applicable local laws and regulations). In countries where local laws, regulations, and customs
do not permit participants who lack capacity to consent to participate in this study (example, Spain), they
will not be enrolled~4. Willing and able to comply with all aspects of the protocol~
