Inclusion criteria:~* Male and female patients with an age of at least 55 years~* Body weight not lower than 50
kgs~* Patients with a confirmed diagnosis of prodromal Alzheimer's Dementia (AD) on neuropsychological testing
defined as:~Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score: greater or equal 24 and a global Clinical Dementia
Rating (CDR)-score of 0 or 0.5 and~Free and Cued Selective Recall Reminding Test (FCSRT) score:~free recall
test: lower or equal 20 (out of 48) and total recall test: lower or equal 42 (out of 48)~Patients who do not
reach the required score in FCSRT will additionally perform the Wechsler Memory Visual Paired Associates test.
If the Wechsler Memory Visual Paired Associates test shows a cognitive deficit worse than 1 standard deviation
to the mean (compared to the reference values of age and educational norms for inclusion), then the patients
can be considered to be eligible for the study.~* Confirmation of abnormal markers of AD pathology either via
a), or alternatively b) mentioned below:~ 1. Presence in cerebrospinal fluid of (samples taken within past 4
months may be eligible,:~ low AÃŸ1-42 concentrations (< 640 pg/mL) and increased total tau concentrations (>
375 pg/ml), or / and low AÃŸ1-42 concentrations (< 640 pg/mL) and increased phospho-tau concentrations (> 52
pg/mL in cerebrospinal fluid), or~ 2. Abnormal amyloid deposition in a cerebral Positron Emission Tomography
(PET) scan. Scans performed in the past according to the recommendation in the protocol are acceptable~*
Patients who have not received prescribed drugs for treatment of AD (including acetyl cholinesterase inhibitors
(donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, tacrine, phenserine) and Memantine within three months prior to
screening~* Patients must have at least 6 years of formal education and fluency in the test language as
verbally confirmed by the patient and documented by the study investigator.~* Patients must have given written
informed consent in accordance with Good Clinical Practice (GCP) and local legislation prior to any study
procedures. All patients must be able to give informed consent personally and have capacity for such consent.
An informed consent given by a legal representative will not be accepted.~* Patients must have a reliable study
partner (per investigator judgement, for instance a family member, partner, guardian etc.)~
