Inclusion Criteria:~MCI due to AD:~1. Male or female, aged 55-85 years (both inclusive) at the time of signing
informed consent.~2. Participant must have a subjective memory concern as reported by participant, study
partner, or clinician.~3. Mini-Mental State Exam31 score between 24 and 30, inclusive~4. Clinical Dementia
Rating (CDR)32 Global = 0.5. Memory Box score must be at least 0.5.~Mild AD:~1. Male or female, aged 55-85
years (both inclusive) at the time of signing informed consent.~2. Mild dementia of the Alzheimer's type
according to the NIA-AA 2018 criteria.~3. CDR global score of 0.5 and CDR of 0.5 or more in at least one of the
three instrumental activities of daily living categories (personal care, home \& hobbies, community affairs) Or
CDR global score of 1.0~4. MMSE ≥20~Additional Inclusion Criteria for Both Diagnoses:~1. Age 55-85
(inclusive)~2. Abnormal memory function documented by scoring within the education adjusted ranges on the
Logical Memory II subscale (Delayed Paragraph Recall) from the Wechsler Memory Scale - Revised:~ * Less than or
equal to 11 for 16 or more years of education~ * Less than or equal to 9 for 8 - 15 years of education~ * Less
than or equal to 6 for 0 - 7 years of education~3. Amyloid positivity established using the C2N Precivity2
Plasma test (AÎ²42/40 plus p- tau217/np-tau217. (This test uses a statistical algorithm to integrate a
patient's AÎ²42/40 Ratio and p-Tau217 Ratio to calculate the Amyloid Probability Score 2 (APS2) and determines
whether a patient is positive or negative for brain amyloid deposition based on a binary cutoff value).~4.
Stable permitted medications for 4 weeks or longer as specified in Section 4.6.3, including:~ a. Memantine and
cholinesterase inhibitors are allowable if stable for 12 weeks prior to screen.~5. Geriatric Depression Scale33
score of less than or equal to 14.~6. Study Partner is available who has frequent contact with the participant
(e.g., an average of 10 hours per week or more) and can accompany the participant to most visits to answer
questions about the participant.~7. Adequate visual and auditory acuity to allow neuropsychological testing.~8.
Good general health with no additional diseases/disorders expected to interfere with the study.~9. Participant
is not pregnant, lactating, or of childbearing potential (i.e., women must be two years post-menopausal or
surgically sterile).~10. Completed six grades of education or has a good work history.~11. Must speak English
fluently.~12. Provide written informed consent. Participants must have the capacity to consent.~
