Inclusion Criteria:~1. Women of non-childbearing potential and men, aged 50 to 85 years, inclusive, with a
diagnosis of mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease according to the 2018 NIA-AA criteria and at least a 6-month
history of decline in cognitive function documented in the medical record.~ i) Non-childbearing potential for
women is defined as postmenopausal (last menses greater than 24 months) or undergone a documented bilateral
tubal ligation or hysterectomy. If last menses less than 24 months, a serum follicle stimulating hormone (FSH)
value confirming post-menopausal status may be used.~ ii) Male participants who are sexually active with a
woman of child-bearing potential must agree to use condoms during the study and for 3 months after last dose.
Female partners should also consider using an acceptable means of birth control, though it is not mandatory.
Acceptable forms of birth control include abstinence, birth control pills, or any double combination of:
intrauterine device (IUD), male or female condom, diaphragm, sponge, and cervical cap.~2. CSF positive for
amyloid beta (as defined in the study manual). Historical CSF results will be considered provided the results
are consistent with the CSF amyloid beta threshold required for inclusion and following discussion with the
medical monitor; however, an LP is still required as part of screening procedures~3. Neuroimaging (MRI)
consistent with the clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and without findings of significant exclusionary
abnormalities (see Section 9.3 exclusion criteria no. 4). An historical MRI, up to 1 year prior to screening,
may be used as long as there have been no interval clinical neurologic events that may suggest a change in the
MRI scan.~4. MMSE 18-26 inclusive.~5. Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) â‰¤ 6 with no active depression (see
Section 9.3 exclusion criteria no. 6).~6. Formal education of 8 or more years.~7. Participants must have a
caregiver/study partner who in the opinion of the site's Principal Investigator, has contact with the study
participant for a sufficient number of hours per week to provide informative responses on the protocol
assessments, oversee the administration of study drug, and is willing and able to participate in all study site
visits and some study assessments. The caregiver/ study partner must provide written informed consent to
participate in the study.~8. Participants living at home or in the community (assisted living acceptable).~9.
Participants must have no known history of difficulty swallowing capsules.~10. Stable pharmacological treatment
of any other chronic conditions for at least 30 days prior to screening.~11. Must consent to apolipoprotein E
(APOE) genotyping.~12. Participants shall be generally healthy with mobility (ambulatory or ambulatory-aided,
ie, walker or cane), vision and hearing (hearing aid permissible) sufficient for compliance with testing
procedures.~13. Must be able to complete all screening evaluations.~
