Inclusion Criteria:~* Male or female aged 60 85 years (inclusive).~* Participant is an outpatient living at
home or in an assisted living facility and is willing to attend all planned visits during the study.~* The
participant has a study partner (who is not expected to change during the study) who will accompany the patient
to the clinic, and/or be available by telephone at designated times, monitor administration of prescribed
medications, control the minimum 2 hour daily light exposure requirement. The study partner must, in the
opinion of the investigator, have enough contact with the participant to be able to perform the duties
described above.~* Signed informed consent from the patient who has the capacity to provide informed consent as
judged by the study investigator~* Signed informed consent from the study partner.~* Meets NIA AA research
criteria for probable AD (McKhann, Knopman et al. 2011).~* Patient has a clearly documented history of
cognitive decline over at least 12 months.~* Patient has MRI/CT scan, performed within 12 months before
Screening, with findings consistent with the diagnosis of AD without any other clinically significant comorbid
pathologies as detailed in Appendix 3. If MRI/CT was not performed within 12 months before Screening, it can be
done during the screening period~* MMSE score of 20 26 (inclusive) at Screening and stability of MMSE - no more
than three-point change on successive screening and baseline visits before randomization.~* Patient has a CDR
GS of 0.5 1 (mild dementia) at Screening.~* Patients taking acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and or memantine
for the treatment of AD may be enrolled if the patient has been taking such medication for at least 6 months
before Visit 2 (Baseline) and is stable on any dose for the last 4 months prior to Baseline, and if the dose is
not expected to change during study participation.~* Patients not receiving acetylcholinesterase inhibitors may
be enrolled but must be stable off acetylcholinesterase inhibitors for at least 3 months before Baseline, and
agreeable to not starting throughout the first 26 weeks of the trial.~* Patient has a negative drug screen
(benzodiazepines or opiates) at Screening. Positive drug screen of BZDs, is allowed only if the use is
intermittent and drug intake was 4 days or more before the visit~* Female patients must have had last natural
menstruation â‰¥ 24 months before Screening OR be surgically sterile.~* Male patients and their female
spouse/partners who are of childbearing potential must agree to use highly effective methods of contraception,
consisting of 2 forms of birth control (at least one of which must be a barrier method) starting at Screening,
throughout the study and for 90 days post last dose, OR be surgically sterile.~* Patients who are taking
medications for non excluded concurrent medical conditions should be on a stable dose for at least 4 weeks
before Screening. Patients taking allowed antidepressants (see Section 12.9) should be on a stable dose for at
least 3 months before Screening and throughout the study~* Patient has ability and commitment to spend at least
2 hours per day exposed to daylight (preferably outside but can be next to a window if weather or personal
situation does not permit).~* Participant and study partner have the ability to read and write in English or
Spanish and have hearing, vision, and physical abilities adequate to perform assessments (corrective aids
allowed).~* Participant and study partner are fully vaccinated for COVID 19 including booster doses as
indicated (6 months post second dose). Having been diagnosed with COVID 19 after completing the initial full
Covid vaccine would meet the requirements for a booster shot~
