Inclusion Criteria:~Diagnosis of aMCI: in general, the diagnosis of aMCI follows the definition in the 2011
National Institute on Aging (NIA)/ Alzheimer's association (AA) guidelines, without biomarkers. Participants
must have:~* Subjective memory concerns reported by participant, study partner, or clinician.~* A mini-mental
state exam between ≥ 22 for subjects with more than 8 years of education. For subjects with less than 8 years
of education, a MMSE ≥ 20 will be allowed.~* Clinical Dementia Rating = 0.5. The memory box score must be at
least 0.5. Information from the formal University of Washington CDR instrument, report by the participant of
subjective cognitive complaints, and findings from the screening neuropsychological battery, can be used for
this determination by the investigative team. For example, the University of Washington CDR can be 0, but the
CDR memory box score can be deemed to be 0.5 based on cognitive complaints at screening and meeting the MCI
neuropsychological criteria.~* General cognition and functional performance sufficiently preserved such that a
diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease cannot be made by the site physician at the time of the screening visit.~*
Abnormal memory function documented by scoring within the education adjusted ranges on the Logical Memory II
subscale (Delayed Paragraph Recall, Paragraph A only) from the Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised.~ * For early
MCI:~ * 9-11 for 16 or more years of education~ * 5-9 for 8-15 years of education~ * 3-6 for 0-7 years of
education~ * For late MCI~ * ≤ 8 for 16 or more years of education~ * ≤ 4 for 8-15 years of education~ * ≤ 2
for 0-7 years of education~* Age range: 55 years to 90 years.~* Sex distribution: all eligible men and women
will be included and no one will be excluded because of gender.~* Languages: fluent in English or Spanish. We
have reliable, well-validated Spanish tests for all outcome measures.~* Participants without a known history of
diabetes. If diabetes is diagnosed during screening (hemoglobin A1c of 6.5 % or greater) they will also be
excluded. The main justification for this exclusion is the potential for these participants to be placed on
other diabetes medications that may confound our study.~* General cognition and functional performance such
that a diagnosis of dementia cannot be made at the time of screening based on DSM-V criteria.~* Vision and
hearing must be sufficient for compliance with testing procedures.~* Must have an informant to come to all
appointments or be available by telephone at follow-up visits.~Study Partner Inclusion Criteria~* The study
partner can provide an independent evaluation of functioning for a person enrolled in the MAP study as a
participant~* The study partner agrees to attend study visits with the MAP participant or be available by
telephone.~
