Inclusion Criteria:~1. Mild to moderate AD as characterized by the following clinical, cognitive, and
functional criteria.~ 1. Biomarker profile reflecting AD, according to The National Institute on Aging-
Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) Research Framework based on Screening CSF AÎ²1-42 and p-tau concentrations~ 2.
Clear EEG deficit as assessed by the EEG reader~ 3. MMSE score above 12 (preferably above 16) and a maximum of
24~2. A brain imaging study, such as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and/or computed tomography (CT) scan
having been performed within last 6 months from day of the Screening visit or during the Screening phase of
this study consistent with the clinical diagnosis of AD and excluding other potential causes of dementia. If
there has been a significant change in clinical status suggestive of stroke or other possible central
neurological disease with onset between the time of the last MRI or CT and the Screening evaluation, an MRI
scan should be repeated during Screening procedures if considered appropriate by the Investigator~3. Age 50 to
85~4. BMI above 18 and below 35 kg/m2 (preferably below 30 kg/m2)~5. If taking concomitant medications, treated
with stable doses of drugs essentially required for chronic medical conditions which do not lead to exclusion,
during a period of at least 3 months prior to screening, and dose regimen is expected to remain stable during
theconduct of the study~6. If taking an approved cholinesterase inhibitor or NMDA antagonist for treatment of
Alzheimer's disease, treated with a stable dose for at least 6 months prior to the screening visit and the dose
is not expected to change during the study as per investigators judgement, or must be off such Alzheimer
medication for a period of 8 weeks prior to screening~7. Willing and able to give informed consent.~8. Have a
caregiver who assists the participant every day and has intimate knowledge of the participant's cognitive,
functional, and emotional states and of the participant's personal care. The caregiver must be willing to
accompany the participant to all study visits and to supervise IMP administration as well as report adverse
events. The caregiver must be willing and able to give informed consent for their own participation and be able
to read and write.~9. Be able to read, write, speak clearly for the cognitive tests, with eyesight and
hearingsufficient to enable completion of the cognitive tests~
