Inclusion criteria:~* Male or female subject who has successfully completed Visit 8 of AVA105640 without
safety/tolerability issues, where in the opinion of the subject /carer and of the investigator, it would be
beneficial to receive RSG XR~* Female subjects able to bear children must agree to use an adequate method of
contraception for the duration of the study for details of highly effective methods to avoid pregnancy). Female
subjects who are pre-menopausal or who have been post-menopausal for <1 year must undertake pregnancy testing
(urine test) Â£7 days before Visit 1, which must be negative~* Subject is willing to participate in the
extension study and has provided full written informed consent prior to the performance of any
protocol-specified procedure; or if unable to provide informed consent due to cognitive status, full written
informed consent on behalf of the subject has been provided by a legally acceptable representative (where this
is in accordance with local laws, regulations and ethics committee policy)~* Subject lives with (or has
substantial periods of contact with) a regular caregiver who is willing to attend all visits, oversee the
subject's compliance with protocol-specified procedures and study medication, and report on subject's status~*
Subject has the ability to comply with procedures for cognitive and other testing~* Caregiver has provided full
written informed consent on his or her own behalf prior to the performance of any protocol-specified
procedure~* Subjects considered for enrollment must have a QTc (either QTc B (Bazett's correction) or QTc F
(Fridericia's correction)) <450msec at Visit 1, with the exception of subjects with bundle branch block (for
whom either QTc B or QTc F must be <480msec)~* In France, a subject will be eligible for inclusion in this
study only if either affiliated to or a beneficiary of a social security category~* Post-menopause \[Becker,
2001\]: Menopause is the age associated with complete cessation of menstrual cycles, menses, and implies the
loss of reproductive potential by ovarian failure. This typically occurs around age 50, although it may occur
earlier. A practical definition accepts menopause after one year without menses with an appropriate clinical
profile, e.g., age appropriate, >45 years, in the absence of hormone replacement therapy. In questionable
cases, a blood sample with simultaneous follicle stimulating hormone (FSH) > 40 MlU/ml and estradiol < 40 pg/ml
(<140 pmol/L) is confirmatory (these levels are suggested guidelines and may need to be adjusted for specific
laboratories/assays~* Females, who are on hormone replacement therapy (HRT), and whose menopausal status is in
doubt, will be required to use a highly effective method to avoid pregnancy, as outlined in the protocol, if
they wish to continue their HRT during the study. Otherwise, they must discontinue HRT to allow confirmation of
post-menopausal status prior to study enrollment. For most forms of HRT, at least 2-4 weeks will elapse between
the cessation of therapy and the blood draw as detailed in the preceding paragraph; this interval depends on
the type and dosage of HRT. Following confirmation of their post-menopausal status, they can resume use of HRT
during the study without use of a highly effective method to avoid pregnancy~* A non-cohabiting caregiver must
spend sufficient time with the subject so that, in the opinion of the Investigator, the caregiver can reliably
assess cognitive function, activities and behaviour, and report on the subject's compliance and health. As
caregiver time spent with a potential subject is anticipated to be highly variable across countries and
cultures, GSK will consider a variety of different measures by which this stipulation may be met, and GSK
should be consulted if adequacy of a caregiver situation is in doubt. However, as guidance, the ability for a
caregiver to meet his/her expected responsibilities for this study would normally be possible when the
caregiver spends no less than 10 hours per week with the subject, divided over multiple days~* For the purposes
of these criteria, QTc B is defined as (QT interval \[msec\]) / (square root of RR interval \[seconds\]); and
QTc F is defined as (QT interval \[msec\]) / (cube root of RR interval \[seconds\])~
