Core Study: Inclusion Criteria~Diagnosis: Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) due to Alzheimer's disease -
intermediate likelihood:~* Meet the National Institute of Aging - Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) core
clinical criteria for MCI due to Alzheimer's disease - intermediate likelihood~* Have a global Clinical
Dementia Rating (CDR) score of 0.5 and CDR Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline~*
Report a history of subjective memory decline with gradual onset and slow progression over the last 1 year
before Screening; must be corroborated by an informant~Mild Alzheimer's disease dementia:~* Meet the NIA-AA
core clinical criteria for probable Alzheimer's disease dementia~* Have a global CDR score of 0.5 to 1.0 and a
CDR Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline~Key Inclusion Criteria that must be met by all
participants:~* Objective impairment in episodic memory as indicated by at least 1 standard deviation below
age-adjusted mean in the Wechsler Memory Scale IV-Logical Memory (subscale) II (WMS-IV LMII)~* Positive
biomarker for brain amyloid pathology~* Male or female participants aged greater than or equal to (≥) 50 and
less than or equal to (≤) 90 years, at the time of informed consent~* Mini mental state examination (MMSE)
score ≥22 at Screening and Baseline and ≤30 at Screening and Baseline~* Body mass index (BMI) greater than
(>)17 and less than (<) 35 at Screening~* If receiving an approved Alzheimer's disease treatment such as
acetylcholinesterase inhibitor (AChEIs) or memantine or both for Alzheimer's disease, must be on a stable dose
for at least 12 weeks prior to Baseline. Treatment-naive participants for Alzheimer's disease can be entered
into the study. Unless otherwise stated, participants must have been on stable doses of all other (that is,
non-Alzheimer's disease-related) permitted concomitant medications for at least 4 weeks prior to Baseline. Use
of memantine will not be allowed for participants in Japan~* Have an identified study partner (defined as a
person able to support the participant for the duration of the study and who spends at least 8 hours per week
with the participant)~* Provide written informed consent. If a participant lacks capacity to consent in the
investigator's opinion, the participant's assent should be obtained, if required in accordance with local laws,
regulations and customs, plus the written informed consent of a legal representative should be obtained
(capacity to consent and definition of legal representative should be determined in accordance with applicable
local laws and regulations). In countries where local laws, regulations, and customs do not permit participants
who lack capacity to consent to participate in this study (example, Germany and Spain), they will not be
enrolled~Extension Phase: Inclusion Criteria:~* Participants who have completed the Core Study (except de novo
participants)~* Must continue to have a study partner who is willing and able to provide follow-up information
on the participant throughout the course of the Extension Phase~* Provide written informed consent for the
Extension Phase. If a participant lacks capacity to consent in the investigator's opinion, the participant's
assent should be obtained, if required and in accordance with local laws, regulations and customs, plus the
written informed consent of a legal representative should be obtained (capacity to consent and definition of
legal representative should be determined in accordance with applicable local laws and regulations). In
countries where local laws, regulations, and customs do not permit participants who lack capacity to consent to
participate in this study (example, Germany and Spain), they will not be enrolled~* Participants entering the
subcutaneous (vial) substudy at Extension Phase Week 1, must be willing to participate, or continue
participating in the amyloid positron emission tomography (PET) substudy. All participants must have an amyloid
PET scan within 4 weeks before starting subcutaneous BAN2401~* Participants enrolling into the subcutaneous
autoinjector substudy must have had at least 6 months exposure to BAN2401 10 mg/kg intravenously biweekly or
BAN2401 720 mg subcutaneously weekly.~* Participants enrolling into the subcutaneous 360 mg autoinjector
substudy must have previously received BAN2401 by either intravenous administration and/or subcutaneous
autoinjector administration and must have completed Visit 82 (Extension Week 79) at a minimum, regardless of
previous route of administration~
