Inclusion Criteria:~1. For participants diagnosed with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) due to AD-intermediate
likelihood:~ 1. Meet the National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) core clinical criteria
for MCI due to AD-intermediate likelihood.~ 2. Have a global Clinical Dementia Rating Scale (CDR) score of 0.5
and a CDR Memory Box score of greater than or equal to (≥) 0.5 at Screening and Baseline~2. For participants
diagnosed with mild AD dementia:~ 1. Meet the NIA-AA core clinical criteria for probable AD dementia~ 2. Have a
global CDR score of 0.5 to 1.0 and a CDR Memory Box score of ≥0.5 at Screening and Baseline~3. Mini Mental
State Examination (MMSE) score ≥22 at Screening and Baseline and less than or equal to (≤) 30 at Screening and
Baseline~4. Able to have CSF lumbar puncture performed and not on, or have a medical condition that may require
initiation of, any anticoagulant therapy at Screening~5. Male or female participants aged between ≥50 years and
≤80 years, at the time of informed consent~6. If receiving an approved AD symptomatic treatment (such as
acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (AchEIs), memantine, or both) for AD, participants must be on a stable dose for
at least 12 weeks before Visit 1. Treatment-naÃ¯ve participants for AD medications can be enrolled into the
study. Unless otherwise stated, participants must have been on stable doses of all other (that is, non
AD-related) permitted concomitant medications for at least 4 weeks before Baseline. Use of memantine will not
be allowed at screening for participants in Japan~7. Have an identified study partner (defined as a person able
to support the participant for the duration of the study and who spends at least 8 hours per week with the
participant).~8. Provide written informed consent. If a participant lacks the capacity to consent in the
Investigator's opinion, the participants' assent should be obtained, if required in accordance with local laws,
regulations, and customs, plus the written informed consent of a legal representative should be obtained
(capacity to consent and definition of legal representative should be determined in accordance with applicable
local laws and regulations)~9. Willing and able to comply with all aspects of the protocol including multiple
CSF collections~
