Inclusion Criteria:~1. Male or female participants 55 to 85 years of age, inclusive, at the time of signing the
informed consent.~2. Diagnosis of probable AD based on NINCDS-ADRDA criteria.~3. Diagnosis of dementia based on
DSM-V criteria.~4. Moderate dementia as evidenced by MMSE score ≥10 to <20 at screening.~5. Magnetic resonance
imaging or CT within 12 months prior to randomization with findings consistent with AD and without any other
disease that may cause dementia.~6. If receiving an FDA-approved medication for AD (ie, donepezil, galantamine,
rivastigmine, memantine, or memantine/donepezil combination product) must be on a stable dose for at least 3
months prior to screening visit.~7. If receiving an OTC supplement for cognition (eg, gingko biloba, omega-3
polyunsaturated fatty acid, vitamin E, curcumin) must be taking a stable dose for at least 3 months prior to
screening visit.~8. Able to visit the study center and undergo cognitive, functional, and other tests specified
in the protocol.~9. Has a caregiver who:~ * Agrees to accompany the participant to all study visits and able to
supervise the participant's compliance with the study procedures and provide detailed information about the
participant.~ * Either lives with the participant or sees the participant on average for ≥1 hours/day ≥3
days/week, or in the Investigator's opinion, the extent of contact is sufficient to provide meaningful
assessment of changes in participant behavior and function over time and provide information on safety and
tolerability.~ * Is able to read, understand, and speak the designated language at the study center.~ *
Caregiver must be cognitively able to fulfill the requirements of the study.~10. A male participant must agree
to use a highly effective contraception as detailed in Appendix 4 of this protocol during the treatment period
and for at least 3 months after the last dose of study treatment and refrain from donating sperm during this
period.~11. A female participant is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant (see Appendix 4), not
breastfeeding, and at least one of the following conditions applies:~ * Not a woman of childbearing potential
(WOCBP) as defined in Appendix 4. OR~ * A WOCBP who agrees to follow the contraceptive guidance in Appendix 4
during the treatment period and for at least 3 months after the last dose of study treatment.~12. A WOCBP must
have a negative serum pregnancy test (beta human chorionic gonadotropin \[Î²-hCG\]) at screening and a negative
urine pregnancy test at Visit 2 before randomization.~13. Written informed consent provided by participant or
legal representative and caregiver prior to any study-specific procedures.~
