Inclusion Criteria:~* Ages ≥55 and ≤85 years~* Informed consent form (ICF) signed by the subject or legally
acceptable representative before any study-specific procedures for the subject are performed and an ICF signed
by the support person/caregiver before any study-specific procedures for the support person/caregiver are
performed~* Clinical diagnosis of dementia due to probable AD consistent with criteria established by a
workgroup of the National Institute on Aging and the Alzheimer's Disease Association~* Clinical decline within
12 months before screening and onset of symptoms at least 12 months or longer before screening, which may
include any documented cognition, functional, or other objective assessment or the clinical judgment of the
investigator or the subject's referring physician that the subject has experienced a clinical decline within
the last 12 months~* Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or computed tomography (CT) scan performed within 12
months before screening, with findings consistent with the diagnosis of dementia due to AD without any other
clinically significant comorbid pathologies. If an MRI or CT scan is unavailable or occurred greater than 12
months before screening, this assessment should be completed and the findings confirmed before the subject
enters the run-in period (Day -14) (copy of the report will be available at the study site)~* Mini-Mental State
Examination (MMSE) score ≥14 and ≤24 at screening and confirmed on Day 1 prior to randomization (fluctuations
of Â±2 points are acceptable on Day 1/baseline)~* Clinical Dementia Rating Global score (CDR-GS) ≥1 (at least
mild dementia) at screening and confirmed on Day 1 prior to randomization~* Modified Hachinski Ischemic Scale
(mHIS) score ≤4 at screening~* Fertile, sexually active subjects (men and women) must use an effective method
of contraception during the study. Female subjects and the female partner of male subjects must be surgically
sterile (hysterectomy or bilateral tubal ligation), postmenopausal for at least 1-year, or willing to practice
adequate methods of contraception if of childbearing potential (defined as consistent use of combined effective
methods of contraception \[including at least 1 barrier method\])~* Reliable and capable support
person/caregiver, who if not living in the same household, interacts with the subject approximately 4 times per
week and will be available to attend clinic visits in person when possible~* Subject living at home, senior
residential setting, or an institutional setting without the need for continuous (ie, 24-hour) nursing care~*
General health status acceptable for participation in a 26-week study~* Fluency (oral and written) in the
language in which the standardized tests will be administered~* Receiving a stable dose of an
acetylcholinesterase inhibitor (AChEI) (donepezil, rivastigmine or galantamine) for at least 3 months (90 days)
before screening and with continuous dosing for at least 6 months OR not presently receiving an AChEI (at least
30 days before screening), but with a history of previous AChEI treatment (subjects receiving donepezil 23 mg
currently or within 3 months before screening are ineligible)~
