Inclusion Criteria:~* 1- Diagnosis of dementia due to AD~ 2- Meet the National Institute of Aging-Alzheimer's
Association (NIA-AA) core clinical criteria for dementia due to AD~ 3- Have a global CDR score of 0.5 to 1.0
and a CDR Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline~ 4- Have an MMSE score greater than or
equals to 20 at Screening and less than or equals to 27 at Screening and Baseline~ 5- Have a positive amyloid
PET (visual reading) or positivity threshold of CSF AÎ²\[1-42\] < 660ng/ml or ptau/AÎ²\[1-42\] >0.09 using
INNOTEST Enzyme-Linked ImmunoAssay (ELISA) technique (Fujirebio, Ghent, Belgium).~ 6- QTc (corrected Q wave to
the end of the T wave) interval 350-480 ms, inclusive for both men and women~ 7- English or Spanish fluency~ 8-
Report a history of subjective memory decline with gradual onset and slow progression over the last 1 year
before Screening; must be corroborated by an informant~ 9- Positive biomarker for brain amyloid pathology as
indicated by at least 1 of the following:~ 1. PET assessment of imaging agent uptake into brain~ 2. CSF
assessment of AÎ²\[1-42\] or ptau/AÎ²\[1-42\] NOTE: To confirm eligibility, a positive amyloid result is needed
in only 1 of the 2 procedures, including PET or CSF measurement.~ 10- Male or female subjects aged ≥55 and ≤ 85
years, at the time of informed consent (IC)~ 11- Body mass index (BMI) greater than 17 and less than 35 at
Screening~ 12- If receiving an approved AD treatment, such as acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (AChEIs), or
memantine, or both for AD, must be on a stable dose for at least 12 weeks prior to Baseline. Treatment-naÃ¯ve
subjects for AD can be entered into the study. Unless otherwise stated, subjects must have been on stable doses
of all other (i.e., non-AD-related) permitted concomitant medications for at least 4 weeks prior to Baseline.~
13- Have an identified study partner. The study partner must provide separate written IC. In addition, this
person must be willing and able to provide follow-up information on the subject throughout the course of the
study. This person must, in the opinion of the investigator, spend sufficient time with the subject on a
regular basis such that the study partner can reliably fulfill the study requirements. A permanent study
partner need not be living in the same residence with the subject. For such a study partner not residing with
the subject, the investigator has to be satisfied that the subject can contact the study partner readily during
the times when the study partner is not with the subject. Study partners need to participate in person for
visits where clinical assessment of CDR (global and CDR-SB), ADAS-Cog, ADCS-ADL-MCI and NPI.~ 14- Provide
written IC. If a subject lacks capacity to consent in the investigator's opinion, the subject's assent should
be obtained, if required in accordance with local laws, regulations and customs, plus the written IC of a legal
representative should be obtained.~ 15- Willing and able to comply with all aspects of the protocol.~Biomarker
Sub-study~NOTE: Subjects may consent to either one or both the PET and CSF assessments, but to confirm
eligibility, a positive amyloid result is needed in only 1 of the 2 procedures (Amyloid PET (via visual
reading) or CSF assessment). The historical imaging data and CSF assessment results must be made available to
the sponsor or medical monitor to confirm amyloid positivity and eligibility.~Historical PET and CSF
assessments will ONLY be used for determination of eligibility. However, subjects who enroll in the biomarker
sub study MUST participate in one or more of the amyloid and tau PET, vMRI and CSF assessments according to the
Assessments Schedule in the sponsor protocol.~Patients may use any amyloid PET tracer to prove eligibility, but
they must use only the sponsor provided tracer at Baseline and End of Treatment- unless the same tracer was
used within 12 months from Baseline and the data can be provided to the investigator and the subject has not
participated in any subsequent anti-amyloid study or treatment.~
