Inclusion Criteria:~For AD subject~1. Newly diagnosed (< 12 months) early-to-mild Alzheimer's disease as
classified by a Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) Score of 25-18 reconfirmed at screening~2. AD diagnosis
confirmed by recommended examinations in accordance with German DGN (Deutsche Gesellschaft fÃ¼r
Neurologie)/DGPPN (Deutsche Gesellschaft fÃ¼r Psychiatrie und Psychotherapie,Psychosomatik und Nervenheilkunde)
S3 Guideline Dementia and to standard at the clinical unit by:~ * psychometric and cognitive tests~ * lumbar
puncture in subjects with uncertain AD diagnosis following central nervous system (CNS) imaging~ * Clinical
Dementia Rating (global CDR) is 0.5 or 1. Memory box score must be at least 0.5. Isolated or predominant
episodic memory deficit, manifested as memory performance in the Logical Memory subscale (Delayed Paragraph
Recall) from the Wechsler Memory Scale-III 1 below age adjusted norms, according to hospital standard)~3. AD
subject has full legal competence according to investigator opinion~4. Ability to comply with requirements or
cognitive and other testing for the entire length of the trial available~ For healthy volunteer~5. Subject is a
non-demented volunteer, based on the assessment of medical history, physical examination and clinically
laboratory data at screening as determined by the Investigator~ For AD subject and healthy volunteer~6. Age >
55 - < 75 years~7. Written informed consent to participate within this trial~8. Subject is on stable dose for
at least 3 month prior to screening when receiving protocol-allowed concomitant medications at screening (e.g.
acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, NMDA (N-methyl-D-aspartate) receptor antagonists)~9. For subject receiving
anticholinergic agents, oral corticosteroids, propranolol, clonidine, antihistamines other than cetirizin and
EBSTELÂ® a washout period of 4 weeks prior to screening must be completed. Concerning anticholinergic agents in
Group 1a: only for high- to medium-potency anticholinergic agents a washout period of 4 weeks prior to
screening must be completed.~10. Post-menopausal females (post menopausal amenorrhea for at least 2 years or
surgically sterilized (hysterectomy), tubal ligation is not acceptable)~11. Male subjects with reproductive
potential, and have not been surgically sterilized, that have been informed and agreed to that he and his
partner must use a highly effective method of contraception (Pearl Index <1%) such as implants, injectables,
combined oral contraceptives, or hormonal intrauterine devices (IUDs), or refrain from sexual intercourse
during the trial and until 3 months after completion of the trial~12. Good general health with no additional
disease states that could interfere with the trial due to the investigator's assessment~
