Inclusion Criteria:~Subjects with PD:~* Male or female subjects ≥ 40 and ≤ 80 years of age, at time of informed
consent.~* Diagnosed with Parkinson's Disease, as defined by the United Kingdom Parkinson Disease Brain Bank
criteria, associated with REM sleep behavior disorder (PD)~* Modified Hoehn \& Yahr ≥ stage 1 and ≤ stage 3
during On period as documented in the 3 months prior to Screening or completed at Screening.~* Montreal
Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) score ≥ 18 and ≤ 28.~Subjects with MCI:~* Male or female subjects ≥ 50 and ≤ 80
years of age, at time of informed consent.~* Meet the criteria for amnestic Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) as
per the National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association core clinical criteria.~* Montreal Cognitive
Assessment (MoCA) score ≥ 18 and ≤ 26.~* No dementia according to the International Classifications of Diseases
(ICD)-10 and Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM)-IV.~* Memory complaint reported by the
subject or his/her partner, family member or caregiver.~* Score of greater than or equal to one standard
deviation below age and educational norms in the Digit Symbol Substitution Test (DSST) during Screening.~*
Cognitive decline not primarily caused by vascular, traumatic, or medical problems.~Subjects with Dementia with
Lewy Bodies (DLB) or Parkinson's Disease Dementia (PDD):~* Male or female subjects ≥ 50 and ≤ 80 years of age,
at time of informed consent.~* Diagnosis of dementia associated with Dementia with Lewy Bodies or Parkinson's
disease (PDD).~* Documented cognitive fluctuations endorsed on the Dementia Cognitive Fluctuation Scale (DCFS)
with a combined score of ≥8 in items 4, 11, 12 and 14.~* Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) score ≥ 18 and ≤
26.~* Have informant or caregiver throughout the study who will submit written consent to cooperate with this
study, who routinely accompanies and/or stays with subject 12 hours or more a week, assists with treatment
compliance, provides assessments and is able to escort the subject on required visits to study institution.~*
Modified Hoehn \& Yahr ≥ stage 1 and ≤ stage 3 during On period as documented in the 3 months prior to
Screening or completed at Screening.~* Stable concomitant medical and/or psychiatric illnesses in the judgement
of the PI.~For ALL Subjects:~* Unless confirmed to be azoospermic (vasectomized or secondary to medical cause),
males must agree to use a male condom from Day 1 throughout the study when having penile-vaginal intercourse
with a woman of childbearing potential who is not currently pregnant.~* Females of childbearing potential
(i.e., not postmenopausal or surgically sterile) who have a male partner must have a negative serum pregnancy
test result and must agree to one of the following from start of Screening through 30 days after the last study
medication administration: use a reliable method of birth control, or monogamous relationship with a male
partner of confirmed sterility, or practice complete abstinence.~* Females of non-childbearing potential may be
enrolled if it is documented that they are postmenopausal.~* Body weight greater or equal to 50 kg and body
mass index (BMI) between 18 and 35 kg/m2, inclusive at Screening.~* Stable medical conditions for 3 months
prior to Screening visit (e.g., controlled hypertension, dyslipidemia).~* Willing to follow the protocol
requirements and comply with protocol restrictions.~* Capable of providing informed consent and complying with
study procedures. Subjects who are unable to provide consent may use a Legally Authorized Representative.~
