Inclusion Criteria:~1. Written informed consent from caregiver and subject (if possible) or legally acceptable
representative if different from caregiver~2. Male and female subjects 55-85 years of age inclusive~3.
Cognitive deficit present for at least 2 years that meet the diagnostic criteria for probable Alzheimer's
dementia. The diagnosis must be confirmed at the time of the screening visit~4. MMSE-2 score of 4-15 inclusive
(applies to Screening Visit only)~5. Patients must be able to perform at least one item on the SIB and may not
have a SIB score >93 at screening~6. Neuroimaging computerized tomography (CT) or Magnetic Resonance Imaging
(MRI) within the last 24 months consistent with a diagnosis of probable AD without any other clinically
significant co-morbid pathologies. If there has been a significant change in the subject's clinical status
since the last imaging study that is not consistent with progression of the subject's AD, an imaging study
should be performed to confirm eligibility~7. Reliable caregiver(s) or informant(s) who attends the subject at
least an average of 3 hours or more per day for 3 or more days per week and who will agree to accompany the
subject to the clinic visits and reliably complete the caregiver questions~8. Adequate vision and motor
function to comply with testing~9. If taking an approved cholinesterase inhibitor for treatment of Alzheimer's
disease, must be on a stable dose for at least 3 months prior to entry into study and the dose must not change
during the study unless a change is required due to an adverse effect of the prescribed medication or a
clinically significant change in the patient's status~10. Subjects who are memantine naÃ¯ve or have been off
memantine for at least 30 days prior to initial treatment with study drug~11. Subjects on neuroleptic
medications must be on a stable dose for ≥4 weeks (dose adjustments will be permitted)~12. Females
participating in the study must meet one the following criteria:~ 1. Surgically sterilized (e.g., hysterectomy,
bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation) for at least 6 months or postmenopausal (postmenopausal females must
have no menstrual bleeding for at least 1 year) or~ 2. If not postmenopausal, agree to use a double method of
contraception, one of which is a barrier method (e.g., intrauterine device plus condom, spermicidal gel plus
condom) 30 days prior to dosing until 30 days after last dose and have negative human chorionic gonadotropin
(Î²-hCG) test for pregnancy at screening~13. Males who have not had a vasectomy must use appropriate
contraception methods (barrier or abstinence) from 30 days prior to dosing until 30 days after last dose~14. In
the opinion of the PI subjects should be in reasonably good health over the last 6 months and any chronic
disease should be stable -~
