Inclusion Criteria:~1. Men and women (non-childbearing potential) with a diagnosis of probable Alzheimer's
disease according to the NINCDS-ADRDA clinical criteria.~2. Age 60 - 85 years (patients over 85 years could be
included after a previous assessment by the investigator and in agreement with the sponsor)~3. MRI or CT-scan
assessment within 12 months before baseline corroborating the clinical diagnosis (diffuse brain atrophy
predominating in medial temporal regions) and excluding other potential causes of dementia, especially
cerebrovascular lesions (see exclusion criteria, number 3).~4. Mild to moderate stage of Alzheimer's disease
according to MMSE 16-26.~5. Modified Hachinski ischemic score equal to or below 4.~6. Geriatric Depression
Scale below or equal 7.~7. Female patients must be either surgically sterilized or at least 1 year
postmenopausal (confirmed by FSH >20, for women not surgically sterilized).~8. A caregiver/nurse is available
and is living in the same household, or interacts with the patient to assure the correct preparation and
administration of the study drug to the patient.~9. Patients living at home or old people's home.~10. General
health status acceptable for a participation in a 6 months clinical trial.~11. Ability to swallow 100 -150 ml
of water suspension.~12. No daily-regular/chronic intake of medications acting on central nervous system,
immunosuppressants, steroids or non-steroid anti-inflammatory agents except the following allowed treatments:~
* SSRIs as antidepressants if they are administered at a stable and well tolerated dose for two months prior to
baseline evaluation~ * the following drugs at a stable and well tolerated dose to symptomatic treatment of mild
behavioral disorder, sleep onset-insomnia or mild depressive mood:~ * Risperidon max 1mg/day~ * Quetiapin max
25mg/day~ * Zolpidem max 10mg in the evening~ * Lorazepam max 1mg/day~ * Triazolam max 0,25mg/day~ * Alprazolam
max 1mg/day~ * Mirtazapin max 30mg/day~ * Hydromorphon max 4mg/day~ * Levodopa max 50mg t.i.d as treatment of
an age-associated extrapyramidal syndrome or restless-legs-syndrome~ * Acetylsalicylic acid max 100mg/day as
antiplatelet agent.~ * Non-steroid anti-rheumatics as concomitant medication taken per request~13. No history
of treatment with Warfarin, Digitoxin or Coumarin (including its derivatives) within 1 month prior to baseline.
Chronic treatment with heparin s.c. as anticoagulant or digoxin for the treatment of heart disease are
allowed.~14. Other drugs metabolized by the CYP3A4 with wide therapeutic window are permitted if their dose and
regimen are stable and well tolerated for at least 1 month prior to baseline.~15. Stable pharmacological
treatment of any other chronic condition for at least one month prior to screening.~16. Treatment with a stable
and well tolerated dose of one of the approved Acetylcholinesterase-Inhibitors (Donepezil, Galantamine or
Rivastigmine) for at least 2 months prior to baseline evaluations. Dosage of Acetylcholine-esterase inhibitors
should not be increased during the ongoing study.~17. No history of treatment with Memantine within 3 months
prior to baseline evaluation. Patients with a stable and well tolerated dose of Memantine are not allowed to be
included in the study.~18. Signed informed consent by patient prior to the initiation of any study specific
procedure~
