Inclusion Criteria~1. Have a study partner/caregiver who, in the Investigator's judgment, has frequent and
sufficient face-to-face contact with the participant (approximately 10 hours per week or more) and consents to
attend all study visits, assist in ensuring compliance with all study requirements and procedures, and provide
input into assessments of cognitive performance and functioning in daily activities throughout the full
duration of the participant's involvement in the study.~2. Signed informed consent from:~ 1. The participant or
person responsible/guardian~ 2. The participant's study partner/caregiver~3. Men and women, 50 to 85 years
(inclusive) of age.~4. Gradual and progressive change in cognitive performance has been observed for ≥ 6 months
not associated with a specific event or medical condition e.g., head trauma, stroke, cardiac arrest,
cerebrovascular disease, epilepsy, alcohol abuse, etc.~5. Capable of completing study assessments either alone
or with assistance from the study partner.~6. Mini-mental status examination (MMSE) score ≥ 16 and ≤ 27 at
screening.~7. Modified Hachinski Score ≤ 4 at screening.~8. Body Mass Index (BMI) between 20 kg/m2 and 32 kg/m2
(inclusive)~9. Clinical Dementia Rating (CDR) global score of 0.5, 1.0, or 2.0 at screening.~10. Clinical
Dementia Rating - Sum of Boxes (CDR-SB) score ≥ 0.5 at screening.~11. Documentation of results for either CSF
AÎ²42, CSF AÎ²42/AÎ²40 ratio, or brain imaging with PET (amyloid or tau) that was consistent with a diagnosis
of AD within 12 months of screening.~12. Stable doses of all concomitant medications for at least 30 days prior
to the baseline visit.~13. For participants taking cholinesterase inhibitors and/or memantine, documentation of
stable use for at least 12 weeks is required prior to screening.~14. Negative serum beta-human chorionic
gonadotropin (ÃŸ-hCG) pregnancy result at the screening visit for female participants of childbearing
potential.~15. Willingness to comply with sexual abstinence or contraception guidelines of this study.~16.
Willingness and ability to complete all study procedures, including brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI),
lumbar puncture, clinical genotyping, and brain positron emission tomography (PET).~17. Participant and study
partner/caregiver must be fluent in the English language for both reading and speaking.~18. Participant and
study partner/caregiver must be fully vaccinated as per local regulations for COVID-19 at least 2 weeks prior
to screening.~
