Inclusion Criteria:~* Study subjects will satisfy NINCDS-ADRDA criteria for probable AD. Dementia severity will
be in the mild to moderate range, as evidenced by a Mini-Mental State Examination total score of 12-25 which is
roughly equivalent to Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale Cognitive (ADAS-Cog) scores of 30 to 11, will
include deficits in at least 2 areas of cognition, will have been present at least 1 year, and will have
progressed gradually since onset. Patients must be between the ages of 50-90 with onset of dementia after age
40. The modified Hachinski Ischemia Score must be less than 4 and the brain MRI within 2 years of enrollment
must be consistent with the diagnosis of AD.~Patients must have had a brain MRI since the onset of dementia
symptoms that is consistent with the diagnosis of AD.~Patients must have an acceptable nutritional status
(i.e., body weight within 20% of desirable weight for height).~Patients must be surgically sterile.~Patients
must be post-menopausal or practicing adequate contraception.~Physical and laboratory exams must be normal, or
the abnormalities must be attributed to the dementing illness or judged clinically unimportant to the safe
conduct of this trial.~Chest X-ray within 1 year of enrollment must show no active disease.~No history or
clinical diagnosis of stroke within 1 year before or concurrent with onset of dementia; hydrocephalus, subdural
hematoma, or mass lesion on screening MRI; current seizure disorder; head trauma with loss of consciousness and
hospitalization within 1 year before or concurrent with onset of dementia; dementia onset within 1 year
following cardiac arrest or surgery; Parkinson's disease (onset prior to or concurrent with dementia),
Wilson's, Huntington's, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, Pick's disease, or Wernicke's encephalopathy; chronic CNS
infection (positive RPR and/or FTA-ABS acceptable if luetic brain disease excluded by documented studies and/or
treatment).~No COPD or asthma requiring hospital treatment within 1 year before enrollment (treatment of acute
respiratory infections is acceptable).~No acute systemic infection.~No hypothyroidism (TSH greater than 6.0
mclU/ml).~No folic acid (less than 0.9 ng/ml) or B12 deficiency (less than 100 pg/ml) within 1 year before
study enrollment.~No recent or acute HAV or HBV infection, or chronic HBV infection by immuno-assays.~No
insulin dependent diabetes or poorly controlled non-insulin dependent diabetes.~No history of leukopenia,
neutropenia, or thrombocytopenia, cancer (except treated, non-recurrent skin cancer) within 2 years before
enrollment.~No severe renal insufficiency (Clcr less than 25 ml/min, BUN greater than 30 mg/dl, or creatinine
greater than 2.0 mg/dl), hepatic insufficiency (as indicated by: ASAT (SGOT) 3 x ULN, ALAT (SGPT) 3 x ULN, or
total bilirubin greater than 2.0 mg/dl).~No homocysteinemia (greater than 14 micromol/L).~No past history of
schizophrenia.~No substance use disorder within 1 year of dementia onset.~No depression requiring medical
treatment within the past 30 days.~No administration of tacrine (Cognex) or donezepil (Aricept),
investigational drugs, or nutritional supplements used as neurotransmitter precursors for cognitive enhancement
within 30 days before enrollment.~No use of anticonvulsants, psychostimulants, centrally acting
anticholinergics and agents known to inhibit or be metabolized by CYP 3A4 (e.g., erythromycin, chlarythromycin,
troleandomycin, fluconazole, miconazole, ketoconazole, itraconazole and grapefruit juice) within 2 weeks prior
to enrollment.~No hepatic, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, or hematological illness which could interfere
with drug absorption, distribution, metabolism, or excretion.~No medical condition that contraindicates
cholinergics.~No known hypersensitivity to nefiracetam.~Must be able to swallow/retain tablets.~No history of
medical noncompliance.~Must have significant other person or caregiver to assure compliance.~No uncorrectable
loss of hearing or eyesight that precludes psychometric testing.~Ability to comprehend instructions or respond
to test items of the ADAS and Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) during
baseline administration.~No male patients interested in conceiving children given the potential adverse effects
on spermatogenesis.
