Key Inclusion Criteria for Placebo-controlled Period:~* Must meet all the clinical staging criteria for MCI due
to AD (Stage 3) or mild AD dementia (Stage 4) according to the National Institute on Aging at National
Institutes of Health and the Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) and must have the following at Screening Visit
1:~ 1. Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) Delayed Memory Index score of
≤85, indicative of objective evidence of memory impairment.~ 2. CDR global score of 0.5 for MCI due to AD or
0.5 or 1 for mild AD dementia~ 3. MMSE score of 21 to 30 (inclusive).~ 4. CDR Memory Box score of ≥0.5.~*
Evidence of amyloid pathology as measured by positive emission tomography (PET) or cerebrospinal fluid (CSF)
sampling.~* Must have 1 care partner who, in the Investigator's judgment, has frequent and sufficient contact
with the participant (at least 10 hours/week) to be able to provide accurate information about the
participant's cognitive and functional abilities.~Key Inclusion Criteria for LTE Period~* Ability of the
participant and/or his/her legally authorized representative (e.g., parent, spouse, or legal guardian), where
local regulations and institutional practices permit, as appropriate and applicable, to understand the purpose
and risks of the study, to provide informed consent, and to authorize the use of confidential health
information in accordance with national and local privacy regulations. Incapacitated individuals will not be
enrolled in the EU (European Union) and other countries where local laws, regulations, and practices do not
permit their inclusion.~* Participants must have completed the placebo-controlled period of the study,
including the Week 76 visit.~* Participants must have taken at least 5 doses of BIIB080 or placebo during the
placebo-controlled period.~* Medically able to undergo the study procedures (including LP \[lumbar puncture\])
and to adhere to the visit schedule at the time of study entry into the LTE period, as determined by the
Investigator.~* Apart from a clinical diagnosis of AD, the participant must be in good health as determined by
the Investigator, based on medical history.~* Must have 1 care partner who, in the Investigator's judgment, has
frequent and sufficient contact with the participant (at least 10 hours/week) to be able to provide accurate
information about the participant's cognitive and functional abilities.~Key
