Inclusion Criteria~Study participants meeting all of the following criteria will be allowed to enroll in the
study:~1. Must be 55-90 years old, inclusive and have one of the following:~ * Subjective cognitive
decline(SCD)~ * Minor neurocognitive disorder(mild cognitive impairment(MCI))~ * Major neurocognitive
disorder(possible or probable AD) OR~ Must be 18-80 years old, inclusive and have one of the following:~ *
Sporadic or familial ALS diagnosed as possible, laboratory-supported probable, probable, or definite as defined
by the revised El Escorial criteria~ * Asymptomatic carrier of an ALS-causative mutation per CLIA-certified
genetic testing results (MGH site only)~2. Screening CSF level of CCL2 level ≥ 250 pg/mL~3. Up-to-date
immunization records per CDC guidelines~ * Routine vaccinations should be administered at a minimum of 14 days
prior to any study visit with an LP~4. Must have received the Recombinant Zoster Vaccine (RZV, also known as
Shingrix) within 4 years prior to enrollment. Note: Only one dose of RZV is needed prior to the Baseline
Visit.~5. Must be fully vaccinated for COVID-19 per CDC guidelines~ * If a participant is planning to receive a
COVID-19 booster shot, should be administered a minimum of 14 days prior to the Screening LP.~6. For
participants with ALS:~ * Must either not be taking or be on a stable dose of any FDA approved treatment for
ALS for at least 30 days or at least 1 cycle prior to screening~ * ALSFRS-R score ≥ 27~ * Must be ambulatory,
defined as able to walk at least within the home every day. Use of gait assistive devices is allowed. Some use
of a wheelchair is also allowed.~ * Greater than 12-month life expectancy in the opinion of the investigator~
For participants with AD:~ * MoCA score ≥ 8~ * The participant must have a study partner that can accompany
them to every visit and co-sign any informed consent document.~ * Must either not be taking or be on a stable
dose of any FDA approved treatment for AD for at least 30 days prior to screening. Participants cannot be
taking Aducanumab(see exclusion criterion #15).~7. Ability to medically undergo LP in the opinion of the
investigator (e.g., no bleeding disorder, allergy to local anesthetics, prior lumbar surgery which might make
LP difficult, a skin infection at or near the LP site, evidence of high intracranial pressure, or anticipated
difficulty getting into position for LP).~8. Capable of providing informed consent and following study
procedures.~ * In the case that a participant lacks the ability to provide informed consent, informed consent
will be obtained from the participant's surrogate representative and assent obtained from the participant.~
