Inclusion Criteria:~* Memory complaints and memory difficulties which are verified by an informant.~* Abnormal
memory function documented by scoring below the education adjusted cutoff on the Logical Memory II subscale
(Delayed Paragraph Recall) from the Wechsler Memory Scale - Revised (the maximum score is 25): a) less than or
equal to 8 for 16 or more years of education, b) less than or equal to 4 for 8-15 years of education, c) less
than or equal to 2 for 0-7 years of education.~* Mini-Mental Exam score between 24 and 30 (inclusive)
(Exceptions may be made for subjects with less than 8 years of education at the discretion of the project
director.).~* Clinical Dementia Rating = 0.5. Memory Box score must be at least 0.5.~* General cognition and
functional performance sufficiently preserved such that a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease cannot be made by
the site physician at the time of the screening visit.~* No significant cerebrovascular disease: Modified
Hachinski score of less than or equal to 4.~* Age between 55 and 90 (inclusive).~* Permitted medications stable
for at least 1 month prior to screening. In particular: a) Subjects may take stable doses of antidepressants
lacking significant anticholinergic side effects (if they are not currently depressed and do not have a history
of major depression within the past 2 years). b) Estrogen replacement therapy is permissible. c) Ginkgo biloba
is permissible, but discouraged.~* Hamilton Depression rating scale score of less than or equal to 12 on the
17-item scale.~* Informant is available who has frequent contact with the subject (e.g. an average of 10 hours
per week or more), agrees to monitor administration of study drug, observe for adverse events, and accompany
the subject to all clinic visits for the duration of the protocol.~* CT or MRI scans within 12 months prior to
screening without evidence of infection, infarction, or other focal lesions and without clinical symptoms
suggestive of intervening neurological disease. A lacune in a non-critical brain area which is not believed to
contribute to the subject's cognitive impairment is permissible.~* Adequate visual and auditory acuity to allow
neuropsychological testing.~* Good general health with no additional diseases expected to interfere with the
study.~* Normal B12, RPR, and Thyroid Function Tests or without any clinically significant abnormalities that
would be expected to interfere with the study.~* ECG without clinically significant abnormalities that would be
expected to interfere with the study.~* Subject is not pregnant, lactating, or of childbearing potential (i.e.
women must be two years post-menopausal or surgically sterile).~* Agreement not to take other vitamin
supplements (including Vitamin E), multivitamins, other than those provided by the study.~
