Inclusion Criteria:~* Ambulatory male or female patient, aged 60-90 years old included at screening, and living
at home.~* Patient having a clinical diagnosis of probable AD according to National Institute of Neurological
and Communicative Disorders and Stroke/Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Association (NINCDS-ADRDA)
criteria.~* Mild to moderate AD with a MMSE total score ≥ 12 and ≤ 24 at screening.~* Written informed consent
obtained from the patient or, if appropriate, from legal representative according to local laws and
regulations. The caregiver will also have to sign a specific informed consent form regarding his/her
participation in the study.~* Patient treated for AD treatment with one AChEI (donepezil, galantamine, or
rivastigmine), according to the recommended posology mentioned in the summary of product characteristics, for
at least 3 months and with a stable dose for at least 2 months prior to screening. The dose should be kept
unchanged throughout the study duration.~* Patient with a cerebral CT-scan or cerebral MRI compatible with AD
diagnosis, with no brain lesions that may be related to another diagnosis and that could be responsible for the
current patient's condition (ex, but not limited to, non-AD dementia, brain injury, brain tumour, stroke,
normal pressure hydrocephalus,...). A cerebral CT-scan or cerebral MRI has to be performed and results have to
be available prior patient's randomization if the results of the brain imagery performed to settle the AD
diagnosis are not available in the patient's file. Brain imaging has also to be performed if considered
necessary by the investigator, such as in case of emerging neurological symptoms or in case of worsening of
existing neurological symptoms.~* Neurological exam without any particularities or without any specific focal
signs likely to be related to other conditions than AD.~* No contra-indication to AChEI treatment and absence
of significant adverse events considered to be related to AChEI treatment at screening and randomisation.~*
Patient and patient's caregiver able to comply with study procedures, notably regarding the drug intake at the
end of the meal which has to be supervised by the caregiver or another competent person.~
