Inclusion Criteria:~1. Prior diagnosis of mild-to-severe cognitive impairment or probable AD according to the
National Institute on Aging and the Alzheimer's Association guidelines by a qualified health practitioner;~2.
History of cognitive and functional decline over at least 1 year that is either documented in medical records
or by history from an informant who knows the patient well;~3. Male or female, age 50 to 85 years (inclusive)
at the Screening Visit;~4. Patient must be ambulatory and reside with a reliable, competent adult (study
partner) who meets all applicable guidelines for serving as the patient's legally authorized representative
(LAR) and who is able and willing to supervise medication administration and report on the patient's daily
activities;~5. Patient must be able to swallow the study medication (without any alteration to the tablet like
crushing, cutting in half, or dissolving in a liquid);~6. Body weight at screening is ≥40kg;~7. CDR-SB of 3.0
or higher at Screening Visit;~8. MMSE-2 ≥8 and≤24 at the Screening Visit;~9. Patient must be able to understand
the nature of the study and have the opportunity to have any questions answered and provide their consent. In
the absence of patient's ability to provide informed consent, the informed consent must be obtained from the
patient's Legally Authorized Representative (LAR);~10. For patients receiving an anticholinesterase inhibitor,
memantine, or herbal medication for AD, the dose must have been stable for at least 3 months prior to the
Screening Visit, and patient must agree to maintain this dose for the duration of the study;~11. Patients
currently treated with a statin must agree to stop their statin therapy for the duration of treatment (180
days);~12. Creatinine Clearance \&gt;30 mL/min at Screening;~13. Negative HIV and HCV test at Screening;~14.
Complete blood count (CBC), blood chemistry, serum cholesterol, triglycerides, thyroid-stimulating hormone
(TSH), and urinalysis, within normal reference ranges or not clinically significant as assessed by the
Investigator at Screening;~15. Physical examination, vital signs, and ECG within normal ranges or not
clinically significant as assessed by the Investigator at Screening;~16. Female patients may participate if
they meet 1 of the following criteria:~ 1. Surgically sterile (e.g., hysterectomy, bilateral salpingectomy,
bilateral oophorectomy), or~ 2. Post-menopausal, defined as~ 3. Permanent cessation of menstruation for ≥12
months without an alternative medical cause (regardless of follicle-stimulating hormone \[FSH\] value) at the
Screening Visit, or~ 4. Cessation of menstruation for \&lt;12 months and FSH \&gt;40 mIU/mL at the Screening
Visit.~ Note: Patients with persistent menses due to hormonal therapy may participate if a urine pregnancy test
(UPT) at the Screening Visit is negative and they agree to continued testing at every study visit.~17. Male
patients must agree to use a barrier method of contraception and refrain from donating sperm for the duration
of their participation in the study and for 2 months thereafter.~
