Inclusion criteria~* Diagnosis of probable AD (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th
revision \[DSM-IV\], National Institute of Neurological and Communicative Disorders and Stroke and the
Alzheimer's Disease and Related Disorders Association \[NINCDS-ADRDA\])~* Mini-Mental-State-Examination (MMSE)
of 12-25, inclusive~* Modified Hachinski score ≤4~* Computed tomography (CT) or magnetic resonance imaging
(MRI) scan within 12 months prior to screening without evidence of infection, infarction, or other focal
lesions and without clinical symptoms suggestive of intervening neurological disease. Patients who have had a
single, clinically silent lacunar infarct are eligible provided the lacunar infarct is not felt to be
responsible for the patient's symptoms, is <1 centimeter (cm) maximal diameter in any dimension, is not present
in hippocampus of either hemisphere, head of the left caudate, or the dorsomedial region of the left thalamus.
Subjects with scans showing atrophy, ventricular enlargement or mild to moderate white matter changes
(involving up to approximately 25% of hemispheric white matter) are eligible if the study is otherwise
normal.~* Hamilton Depression Scale score of ≤15~* Adequate visual and auditory acuity to allow
neuropsychological testing~* Ability to attempt all sections of the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale
Cognitive Subpart (extended version)(ADAS-cog+)~* Good general health without additional diseases expected to
interfere with the study~* Normal B12, folic acid, venereal disease research laboratory (VDRL), and
thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) or without any clinically significant laboratory abnormalities that would be
expected to interfere with the study~* Electrocardiogram (ECG) and chest x-ray (if clinically necessary per
Investigator) without clinically significant laboratory abnormalities that would be expected to interfere with
the study~* Patient is not institutionalized~* Patient is not pregnant, lactating, or of childbearing
potential~* Sufficient language skills to complete all testing without assistance of a language interpreter~*
Responsible caregiver being present during administration of study drug, monitor the patient's compliance with
study procedures and adverse events, and accompany the patient to all clinic visits~* Written informed consent
obtained from the patient and caregiver prior to entry into the study~
