Inclusion Criteria:~1. Male or female at least 50 years of age, but less than 85 (84 at time of screening)~2.
Females must be of non-childbearing potential or have negative pregnancy test at time of screening. Women of
non-childbearing potential are defined as women who are either permanently sterilized (hysterectomy, bilateral
oophorectomy or bilateral salpingectomy) or who are postmenopausal. Women will be considered postmenopausal if
they have been amenorrheic for \&gt;=12 months prior to the planned date of enrollment.~3. Must have a
diagnosis of mild Alzheimer\&#39;s Dementia determined by medical record review.~4. Vision and hearing must be
sufficient to comply with study procedures. Be able to take oral medications.~5. Must be able to attend all
study visits indicated in the schedule of visits.~6. Must have a collateral informant/study partner who has
significant direct contact with the patient at least 10 hours per week and who is willing to accompany the
patient to specified clinic visits, supervise administration of all study medication, and be available for
telephone visits/interviews.~7. Documented Mini Mental State Exam (MMSE) score between 21-26 at Screening
Visit.~8. CT or MRI scan of the brain within 12 months of enrollment showing no evidence of significant focal
lesions or other pathology which could contribute to dementia. If neither a CT nor an MRI scan is available
from the past 12 months, a CT scan fulfilling the requirements must be obtained before randomization.~9.
Hachinski ischemic score must be \&lt; 4.~10. Geriatric depression scale must be \&lt; 10.~11. Prior to dosing
all randomized study subjects must show proof they have received immunization to varicella (VZV IgG).~12. If
the patient has a legally authorized representative (LAR), the LAR must review and sign the informed consent
form. If the patient does not have a LAR, the patient must appear able to provide informed consent and must
review and sign the informed consent form. In addition, the patient's informant/study partner (as defined
above) must sign an informed consent form. If the LAR and the patient's informant /study partner are the same
individual, he/she should sign under both designations.~
