Inclusion Criteria:~1. Age 55-80 years (both inclusive), male or female.~2. Body mass index between 18.5 to
33.0 kg/m2 (both inclusive).~3. Should meet the criteria for early clinical stage Alzheimer's Disease (AD)
according to the National Institute on Aging and Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) criteria research framework:~
1. Gradual and progressive change in memory function reported by patient or informant over more than 6 months,~
2. Clinical syndrome of Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) due to AD or mild AD dementia,~ 3. An Mini-Mental State
Exam (MMSE) score ≥ 20 at screening,~ 4. Biomarker classification according to the
Amyloid/Tau/Neurodegeneration (ATN) as A+T+N+ or A+T+N- based upon:~ (i) Cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) profile
consistent with AD (an AÎ²42 concentration of <1000 pg/mL AND phosphorylated tau (p-tau) >19 pg/mL, or a ratio
of p-tau/AÎ²42 of ≥0.020) taken during the screening period prior to the day of the first dose of study
medication, or~ (ii) Documented evidence of a CSF profile consistent with AD obtained with the previous 12
months, or~ (iii) Documented amyloid positron emission tomography (PET) scan evidence acquired within the
previous 12 months.~4. A reliable and competent trial partner/caregiver who can assist and witness dosing and
is willing to accompany the patient to all visits. The trial partner/caregiver should understand the nature of
the trial and adhere to trial requirements (e.g., visit schedules, evaluations) and confirm this by co-signing
the informed consent of the patient or signing of a separate informed consent of the partner/caregiver
according to the local requirements.~5. If a patient is taking medication, supplements or vitamins that may
have an influence on oxidative stress, cognition and/or EEG, the dose must be stable at screening for at least
one month, and the patient must be willing to remain on the same treatment and dose for the duration of the
trial.~6. A male patient abstains from sexual intercourse, or is vasectomized (> 6 months), or will use a
condom with spermicide during sexual intercourse during the trial and for three months after participation in
the trial and will abstain from sperm donation during the trial and for three months after participation in the
trial.~7. A female patient should not be of reproductive potential:~ A female patient who is not of
reproductive potential is defined as one who:~ 1. Has reached natural menopause (defined as 6 months of
spontaneous amenorrhea with serum follicle-stimulating hormone \[FSH\] levels in the postmenopausal range as
determined by the local laboratory, or 12 months of spontaneous amenorrhea);~ 2. Is 6 weeks post-surgical
bilateral oophorectomy with or without hysterectomy; or~ 3. Has undergone bilateral tubal ligation. Spontaneous
amenorrhea does not include cases for which there is an underlying disease that causes amenorrhea (e.g.,
anorexia nervosa).~8. Capable of providing informed consent and complying with trial procedures.~
