Inclusion Criteria:~* Male and female patients between 50 and 90 years inclusive;~* Sufficient clinical and
paraclinical information for the diagnosis of AD according to the international diagnosis criteria from McKhann
G. M. et al. 2011;~* Patient presents clinically significant behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia
(BPSD) requiring medication in the opinion of the study physician (at least one item of the Neuropsychiatric
Inventory-12 \[NPI-12\] with a score ≥ 4);~* Mild to-severe AD with a Minimal Mental State Examination (MMSE)
score from 10 to 26 included;~* Symptomatic treatments of AD (acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and memantine)
and psychotics drugs (benzodiazepines, antidepressants, anxiolytics, neuroleptics) are allowed but need to be
maintained during at least 4 weeks before inclusion and during the follow-up;~* Female patient of childbearing
potential must be willing to use an efficient birth control method during the study and until 5 days after the
end of the treatment.~A woman is considered to be of childbearing potential if she is postmenarcheal, has not
reached a postmenopausal state (≥ 12 continuous months of amenorrhea with no identified cause other than
menopause), and has not undergone surgical sterilization (removal of ovaries and/or uterus, tubal
ligation).~The following are acceptable contraceptive methods: - Established use of oral, injected, or
implanted hormonal methods of contraception - Intrauterine system or placement of an intrauterine device -
Double barrier methods of contraception: condom or occlusive cap (diaphragm or cervical/vault caps) with
spermicidal foam, gel, film, cream, or suppository - True abstinence \[periodic abstinence (e.g., calendar,
ovulation, symptothermal, postovulation methods) and withdrawal are not acceptable methods of contraception\]~*
Male patient must be willing to use male contraception (condom) during the study;~* Patient must have
availability of a person (study partner or caregiver) who has frequent and sufficient contact with the patient,
can provide accurate information regarding the patient's behavior, cognitive, and functional abilities as well
as his/her health throughout the study, and agrees to provide information at investigational site visits;~*
Patient is willing and able to give informed consent. If the study patient is not competent, a legally
authorized representative must provide informed consent on his/her behalf, and the patient must provide
assent;~* Patient affiliated to French social security;~* Patient is willing to and can comply with the study
protocol requirements, in the opinion of the investigator.~* If the patient took part to another therapeutic
clinical trial, he/she must systematically observe a wash-out period of > 4 weeks, or of > 6 months if he/she
received a biologic disease modifying treatment (antibodies targeting the Î²-amyloid protein or the p-Tau
protein) or 5 half-lives of investigational drug(s), whichever is longer.~
