Key Inclusion Criteria (Core Study) for Mild Cognitive Impairment due to Alzheimer's Disease~- Intermediate
likelihood:~1. Subjects who meet the National Institute of Aging - Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA) core
clinical criteria for mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease - intermediate likelihood~2.
Subjects who have a CDR score of 0.5 and a Memory Box score of 0.5 or greater at Screening and Baseline~3.
Subjects who report a history of subjective memory decline with gradual onset and slow progression over the
last one year before Screening; MUST be corroborated by an informant~Key Inclusion Criteria (Core Study) for
Mild Alzheimer's Disease Dementia:~1. Subjects who meet the NIA-AA core clinical criteria for probable
Alzheimer's disease dementia~2. Subjects who have a CDR score of 0.5-1.0 and a Memory Box score of 0.5 or
greater at Screening and Baseline~Inclusion Criteria (Core Study) that must be met by all subjects:~1. Subjects
with objective impairment in episodic memory as indicated by at least 1 standard deviation below age-adjusted
mean in the Wechsler Memory Scale - IV Logical Memory II (WMS-IV LMII):~ 1. Less than or equal to 15 for age 50
to 64 years~ 2. Less than or equal to 12 for age 65 to 69 years~ 3. Less than or equal to 11 for age 70 to 74
years~ 4. Less than or equal to 9 for age 75 to 79 years~ 5. Less than or equal to 7 for age 80 to 90 years~2.
Positive amyloid load as indicated by PET or CSF assessment~ 1. PET assessment of imaging agent uptake into
brain~ 2. CSF assessment of AÎ²(1-42)~3. Age between 50 and 90 years, inclusive~4. Mini Mental State
Examination (MMSE) score equal to or greater than 22, and equal to or less than 30, at Screening and
Baseline~5. Body Mass Index (BMI) greater than 17 and less than 35 at Screening or Baseline~6. Females must not
be lactating or pregnant at Screening or Baseline (as documented by a negative beta-human chorionic
gonadotropin assay \[ÃŸ-hCG\]). A separate baseline assessment is required if a negative screening pregnancy
test was obtained more than 72 hours before the first dose of study drug.~7. Subjects on acetylcholinesterase
inhibitor or memantine therapy or both for AD must be on a stable dose for at least 12 weeks prior to Baseline.
Treatment naive subjects can be entered into the study. Unless otherwise stated, subjects must have been on
stable doses of all other permitted concomitant medications (ie, non-AD related) for at least 4 weeks prior to
Baseline.~8. Subjects must have identified caregivers/informants~9. Subjects must provide written informed
consent~Inclusion Criteria (Extension Phase):~1. Subjects who have completed Visit 42 (Week 79) of the Core
Study or who discontinued study drug during the Core Study due to any of the following reasons:~ 1. Alzheimer's
Related Imaging Abnormality-Edema (ARIA-E)~ 2. Amyloid related imaging abnormality hemorrhage (ARIA-H)
(superficial siderosis, macrohemorrhage, or symptomatic microhemorrhage)~ 3. Prohibited or restricted
medications that were prohibited during Core Study conduct but are no longer prohibited in the Extension Phase~
4. Subjects who were APOE4 positive and receiving treatment with lecanemab 10 mg/kg biweekly~ 5. Any reason for
discontinuation not related to prohibited medications, including any AE that was considered not related to
study drug, and that was not severe or life-threatening~2. Must continue to have an identified caregiver or
informant who is willing and able to provide follow-up information on the subject throughout the course of the
Extension Phase~3. Provide written informed consent. If a subject lacks capacity to consent in the
investigator's opinion, the subject's assent should be obtained, if required in accordance with local laws,
regulations and customs, plus the written informed consent of a legal representative should be obtained
(capacity to consent and definition of legal representative should be determined in accordance with applicable
local laws and regulations).~4. Must be able to physically attend clinic visits and be willing and able to
comply with all aspects of the protocol~Key
