Inclusion Criteria:~1. Males and females aged 50 years or older at the time of informed consent.~2. Female
Subjects:~ 1. Post menopausal women, defined as no menses for 12 months without an alternative medical cause.
If there is any concern about the menopausal status of a prospective female subject, a follicle stimulating
hormone test (FSH) should be requested to confirm post-menopausal status. Post menopausal women confirmed by
FSH level > 40 mIU (milli-international units per milliliter) /mL, will be confirmed by central laboratory.~ 2.
Women of childbearing potential (WOCBP) must have a negative pregnancy test at Screening and Baseline, and be
willing to use highly effective methods of contraception from the Screening visit until 3 months after last
dose of study drug. If re-test is required, a local urine pregnancy test will be performed at Baseline to
determine if the subject can continue to randomisation.~ 3. Are permanently sterile or have had a hysterectomy,
bilateral salpingectomy or bilateral oophorectomy.~ 4. Women must not be breastfeeding.~3. Male Subjects:~ 1.
Who are sexually active, fertile men must use highly effective methods of contraception from Day 1 until 3
months after last dose of study drug if their partners are WOCBP.~ 2. Who are permanently sterile or have had
bilateral orchiectomy.~4. Diagnosis of mild dementia due to Alzheimer's disease (AD) with increased level of
certainty (provided by evidence of clinical deterioration within the 6 months preceding Screening, as assessed
by the investigator) as determined by the National Institute of Ageing (NIA) and the Alzheimer's Association
(AA) workgroup.~5. Mild dementia due to probable AD with Mini-Mental Status Examination (MMSE) 20 to 26
(inclusive).~6. Clinical Dementia Rating Scale (CDR) Global Score of 0.5 to 1.0.~7. A brain magnetic resonance
imaging (MRI) or computed tomography (CT) scan in the 12 months preceding Screening that in the investigator's
opinion is consistent with AD as the principle aetiology of the dementia with no other clinically significant
abnormality, e.g. another principle underlying aetiology of the subject's dementia, or a lesion which could
affect cognition e.g. a brain tumour or large stroke.~8. On stable dose of acetylcholinesterase (AChEI) and/or
memantine (at least 3 months prior to Screening) OR treatment-naÃ¯ve. Initiating AChEIs or memantine during the
study will not be permitted.~9. Apart from a clinical diagnosis of mild dementia due to AD, the subject must be
in good health as determined by the investigator, based on medical history and screening assessments.~10. Has a
consenting study partner who, in the investigator's judgement, has frequent and sufficient contact with the
subject to be able to provide accurate information as to the subject's cognitive and functional abilities. The
study partner must be available to provide information to the investigator and study site staff about the
subject and agrees to attend all study site visits in person for scale completion. A study partner should be
available for the duration of the study. The measure of adequate availability will be at the investigator's
discretion.~11. Must be willing and able to comply with the requirements of the protocol and must be available
to complete the study.~12. Must satisfy a medical examiner about their fitness to participate in the study.~13.
Must provide written informed consent to participate in the study.~
