Inclusion Criteria:~1. The participant or their legally authorized representative must be willing and able to
give their informed consent in writing and comply with the requirements of this study protocol. Informed
consent for participants or their legally authorized representative and caregivers will be obtained before any
trial-related activity. (Trial-related activities are any procedure that would not be performed during normal
treatment of the participant).~2. Participants must have a reliable study partner/caregiver (per investigator
judgement for instance a family member, partner etc., guardian (must be always the same person)) who is in
close contact with the patient, available on call and who is able to contribute to the assessment of the
ratings of the functional endpoints at specific study visits. This person will be able to communicate in the
language in which the participant is being assessed and should also serve as a backup contact for the study
site. The study partner/caregiver must sign a separate informed consent form which describes their
contributions during the study.~3. Patients with diagnosis of Alzheimer's dementia according to the
recommendations from the 2011 National Institute on Aging-Alzheimer's Association workgroups on diagnostic
guidelines for Alzheimer's disease.~4. Age 40 to 85 years old.~5. Patients must have at least 6 years of formal
education and fluency in the test language as verbally confirmed by the patient or their legally authorized
representative and documented by the study investigator.~6. Female participants of childbearing potential must
have a negative urine pregnancy test at Screening and Visit 1 before first administration of the study drug.
Females of childbearing potential are defined as those who are not surgically sterile or who are not
post-menopausal (i.e.: no menses for at least 1 year). Male and female participants of reproductive potential
must also agree to abstinence or use acceptable form(s) of effective contraception during the study and for 30
days after the final dose of the study drug. Acceptable methods of contraception include the following:~ 1.
Condoms, sponges, foams, gels, diaphragms, or intrauterine device (IUD).~ 2. Hormonal birth control for 30 days
prior to administration of the study drug.~ 3. A vasectomized sexual partner.~7. Positive evidence for a
diagnosis of AD via amyloid positron emission tomography (Amyloid PET) of the brain within the past six
months.~8. CDR-SB score of â‰¥ 9.5 and <16.0.~
