Inclusion Criteria:~* 1. Male or female subject aged 60 to 85 y at Screening (V1). 2. Has mild to moderate
probable AD as defined by all of the following criteria:~ 1. Meets the National Institute on Aging and
Alzheimer's Association (NIA-AA, 2011) criteria of all cause dementia and probable AD.~ 2. Has a Clinical
Dementia Rating (CDR) (Section 8.1.6) Standard Global Score of 1 to 2, inclusive (mild to moderate).~ 3. Has a
MMSE score of ≥14 and ≤24 at both Screening and Baseline visits. The difference in scores between Screening and
Baseline must be < 3 points (i.e., the difference must not exceed 3 points). (Section 8.1.5)~ 4. Has an
historical MRI or CT scan of the brain on file no earlier than AD diagnosis that fails to exhibit features of
another potential pathobiology that could better account for the cognitive disorder.~ 3. Historical evidence of
impairment on a mental status exam or documented prior diagnosis of or treatment for dementia from a health
care professional.~ 4. Has a modified Hachinski Ischemic Scale (Section 8.1.8) score of ≤4 at Screening (V1).~
5. If taking an anticholinesterase inhibitor (AChEI) (e.g., donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine) and/or
memantine at Screening (V1):~ <!-- -->~ 1. Must have been taking the medication(s) for ≥3 mo, and~ 2. Current
dose regimen and form must have remained stable for ≥6 wk and must remain stable throughout participation in
the study.~ NOTE: Subjects not being treated with an AChEI and/or memantine at Screening (V1) may also be
enrolled if initiation of an AChEI and/or memantine is not planned for the time period during which the subject
will be participating in this study.~ NOTE: Dosage changes during the study due to clinical deterioration
should be discussed with the Medical Monitor prior to being implemented.~ 6. If taking medications for glycemic
control at the time of Screening (V1), must be stable on the current dose regimen and form for ≥3 mo prior to
randomization and must remain stable throughout participation in the study.~ 7. Females taking hormone
replacement therapy (HRT) must have maintained a stable regimen for at least two years prior to randomization
and agree to continue the regimen until completing the final safety assessment in Week 30 at the end of the
study.~ 8. Must meet one of the following criteria:~ <!-- -->~ 1. Females: Surgically sterilized (e.g.,
hysterectomy, bilateral oophorectomy, or tubal ligation) for at least 6 mo prior to Screening (V1) or
postmenopausal (postmenopausal females must have no menstrual bleeding for at least 1 y; if needed, the
Investigator may confirm menopausal status through an FSH assessment at Screening \[V1\]). 6.8.1~ 2. Males:
Vasectomized. If not vasectomized, must use an appropriate contraception method as noted in Section 6.8.1.~ 9.
Must provide voluntary written informed consent prior to Screening (V1). If the subject is unable to provide
informed consent due to cognitive status, the subject must provide assent and a legally authorized
representative provides full written informed consent on behalf of the subject.~ 10. Willing to allow
collection of blood for ApoE genotyping. 11. Able to comply with the study procedures, in the opinion of the
Investigator.~ 12. Has a primary caregiver/study partner willing to accept responsibility for supervising the
treatment (e.g., administering study drug), accompanying the subject to clinic visits and assessing the
condition of the subject throughout the study in accordance with all protocol requirements. The primary
caregiver/study partner must be willing to sign the caregiver ICF.~
