Inclusion Criteria:~Participant must be in the Alzheimer's continuum as defined by the 2018 National Institute
on Aging and Alzheimer's Association (NIAAA) Research Framework corresponding to the clinical categories of MCI
due to AD and mild AD dementia.~Participant must have evidence of amyloid positivity either by positive
positron emission tomography (PET) result (Amyloid PET scans must be read by a central imaging lab) or
cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) amyloid beta (AÎ²) test result indicative of amyloid positivity~* Participants must
also meet the following criteria for clinical severity:~ 1. MMSE score of between 21 and 29 points~ 2.
CDR-global score (GS) of 0.5 to 1.0.~ 3. CDR Memory Box score greater than or equal to (≥) 0.5.~ 4.
Participants with objective impairment in episodic memory as indicated by at least 1 standard deviation below
age-adjusted mean in the Wechsler Memory Scale-IV Logical Memory II (WMS-IV LMII)~* If the participant is
receiving symptomatic AD medications such as an Acetylcholinesterase inhibitor (AChEI) or memantine, the dosing
regimen must have been stable for at least 12 weeks prior to screening and is not expected to change during
study participation.~* If the participant is receiving other medications for AD related symptoms or associated
conditions, the dosing regimen must have been stable for at least 4 weeks prior to screening and not expected
to change during study participation. Symptoms must be considered adequately and stably controlled by the
investigator, without marked changes in medication anticipated for the duration of the study.~* Body weight ≥
45 kilogram (kg) to less than or equal to (≤)120 kg with body mass index (BMI) between 17 and 34.9 kilogram per
meter square (kg/m\^2), inclusive.~* A female participant is eligible to participate if she is not pregnant or
breastfeeding, and if of child-bearing potential follows contraception requirements outlined in the protocol~*
A male participant is eligible to participate if he follows contraception requirements outlined in the
protocol~* Willing and able to give informed consent which includes compliance with the requirements and
restrictions listed in the informed consent form (ICF).~* Availability of an adult person who has frequent and
sufficient contact with the participant is able to provide accurate information regarding the participant's
cognitive and functional abilities, agrees to provide information at clinic visits, and signs the ICF of the
study partner.~
