Exclusion Criteria:~1. Taking one of the following medications: Medications for treatment of cancer or other
drugs that weaken the immune system (ex. Natalizumab and Rituximab), Amiodarone, Bishydroxycoumarin,
Chloramphenicol, Cimetidine, Fluconazole, Fluvastatin, Miconazole, Phenylbutazone, Sulphinpyrazone,
Sulphadiazine, Sulphamethizole, Sulfamethoxazole, Sulphaphenazole, Trimethoprim, and Zafirlukast.~2. Current
active infection in participants including, but not limited to, herpes zoster, herpes infection, bronchitis,
sinusitis, upper respiratory infection and fungal skin infection. Siponimod may increase the risk in
participants with active infections.~3. If participant received mRNA COVID-19 vaccination, must have received
last dose at least 3 months prior to first dose of study drug/placebo.~4. Current evidence or history within
the last 3 years of a neurological or psychiatric illness that could contribute to dementia, including (but not
limited to) epilepsy, focal brain lesion, Parkinson's disease, seizure disorder, or head injury with loss of
consciousness.~5. Meets DSM IV criteria for any major psychiatric disorder including psychosis, major
depression and bipolar disorder.~6. Known history of self-reported alcohol and/ or substance abuse.~7. Isolated
living circumstances which would prohibit a study partner from providing sufficient and credible information
about the participant.~8. Poorly controlled hypertension~9. Known Atrioventricular heart block, known heart
block type I-III.~10. History of myocardial infarction or signs or symptoms of unstable coronary artery disease
within the last year (including revascularization procedure/angioplasty).~11. Severe pulmonary disease
(including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease) requiring more than 2 hospitalizations within the past
year.~12. Untreated obstructive sleep apnea.~13. Any thyroid disease (unless euthyroid on treatment for at
least 6 months prior to screening). \[15\] Active neoplastic disease (except for skin tumors other than
melanoma). Patients with a history of prior malignancy are eligible provided they were treated with curative
intent and (i) do not require any longer any active therapy; (ii) being considered in complete remission; and
(iii) after the Medical Monitor's assessment/approval of each case.~14. Prior prostate cancer or new diagnosis
of prostate cancer.~15. History of multiple myeloma.~16. Absolute lymphocytopenia of \&lt;1,000/mm3, or a
history of lymphocytopenia.~17. Absolute neutropenia of \&lt;1,000/mm3, or a history of neutropenia.~18.
History of/ or current thromboembolism (including deep venous thrombosis).~19. Any clinically significant
hepatic or renal disease (including presence of Hepatitis B or C surface antigen or an elevated transaminase
levels of greater than 2x the upper limit of normal (ULN) or creatinine greater than 1.5 x upper limit of
normal (ULN)).~20. Clinically significant hematologic or coagulation disorder including any unexplained anemia,
or a platelet count less than 100,000/Î¼L at screening.~21. Use of any investigational drug within 30 days or
within five half-lives of the investigational agent, whichever is longer.~22. Unwilling or unable to undergo CT
or MRI imaging.~23. In the opinion of the investigator, participation would not be in the best interest of the
subject.
