Exclusion Criteria:~ANY one of the following will exclude a subject from being enrolled into the study:~1.
Significant neurological disease other than AD that may affect cognition.~2. Screening visit brain MRI scan
(ie, Study 201 Visit 21 (Week 71), or for Study 102, the Study 251 Screening Visit) indicative of any other
significant abnormality including but not limited to multiple microhemorrhages or evidence of a single prior
hemorrhage >1 cm3, multiple lacunar infarcts or evidence of a single prior infarct >1 cm3, evidence of a
cerebral contusion, encephalomalacia, arachnoid cysts, or brain tumors (eg, meningioma) unless approved by the
medical monitor.~3. Current presence of a clinically significant major psychiatric disorder according to the
criteria of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (DSM IV) or any
clinically significant symptom that could affect the subject's ability to participate in the study.~4. Current
clinically significant systemic illness that is likely to result in deterioration of the subject's condition or
affect the subject's safety during the study.~5. History of clinically evident stroke or history of clinically
significant carotid or vertebrobasilar stenosis or plaque.~6. History of seizures, excluding febrile seizures
in childhood.~7. Weight greater than 120 kg (264 lbs).~8. History or evidence of any clinically significant
autoimmune disease or disorder of the immune system.~9. Clinically significant infection within the last 30
days (eg, chronic persistent or acute infection).~10. Treatment with immunosuppressive medications (eg,
systemic corticosteroids) within the last 90 days (topical and nasal corticosteroids and inhaled
corticosteroids for asthma are permitted) or chemotherapeutic agents for malignancy within the last three
years.~11. Myocardial infarction within the last two years.~12. History of cancer within the last five years,
with the exception of basal cell carcinoma, and nonmetastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the skin.~13. Other
clinically significant abnormality on screening (ie, Study 201 Visit 22 \[Week 78\], or Study 102 Visit 11
\[Week 16\]) physical, neurological, laboratory, or ECG examination (eg, atrial fibrillation) that could
compromise the study or be detrimental to the subject.~14. Hemoglobin less than 11 g/dL at screening (ie, Study
201 Visit 22 \[Week 78\], or Study 102 Visit 11 \[Week16\]).~15. Smoking more than 20 cigarettes per day.~16.
History of alcohol or drug dependence or abuse within the last two years.~17. Current use of anticonvulsant for
seizures, anti-Parkinson's, anticoagulant (excluding the use of aspirin 325 mg/day or less), or narcotic
medications.~18. Any prior experimental treatment with AN1792 or other experimental immunotherapeutic or
vaccine for AD (other than bapineuzumab).~19. Any known hypersensitivity to any of the excipients contained in
the study drug formulation.~20. Women of childbearing potential.~21. Presence of pacemakers, aneurysm clips,
artificial heart valves, ear implants, cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) shunts, metal fragments or foreign objects in
the eyes, skin, or body that would contraindicate a brain MRI scan (unless otherwise approved by the Sponsor
and/or its designees).
