Exclusion Criteria:~1. Has a current diagnosis or history of any type of cognitive impairment or dementia or
has a current diagnosis or history of neurological/psychiatric disorder or any other diagnosis that
significantly affects cognitive performance (eg, mental retardation, organic mental disorder).~2. Has a current
diagnosis of significant psychiatric illness, per Diagnostic \& Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th
Edition - Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) (or DSM-V when published) (including but not limited to major depressive
disorder, anxiety disorders) and is in an acute phase/episode, or the participant has a current diagnosis or
history of schizophrenia or bipolar disorder.~3. Has a glycosylated hemoglobin (HbA1c) >8.0% at the time of
baseline or requires treatment with insulin, triple oral antidiabetic therapy or a peroxisome
proliferator-activated receptor-gamma (PPAR-Î³) agonist. The participant should be on a stable antidiabetic
regimen for at least 3 months prior to enrollment.~4. Has a clinically significant unstable illness, for
example, hepatic impairment or renal insufficiency, or cardiovascular, pulmonary, gastrointestinal (including
s/p gastric bypass), endocrine, neurological, rheumatologic, immunologic, infectious, skin and subcutaneous
tissue disorders, or metabolic disturbance. History of HIV infection is considered exclusionary for this
study.~5. Has a history of drug abuse (defined as any illicit drug use) or a history of alcohol
abuse/dependence within 2 years prior to the Screening Visit.~6. Is an immediate family member, testing center
employee, or is in a dependent relationship with a testing center employee who is involved in conduct of this
study (eg, spouse, parent, child, and sibling) or may consent under duress.~7. Has a history of
hypersensitivity or allergies to pioglitazone or related compounds.~8. Is required to take excluded medications
as specified in the Excluded Medications Section.~9. Had any of the following values at the Baseline Visit
(Visit 2):~ 1. A serum total bilirubin value >1.5Ã— upper limit of normal (ULN).~ 2. A serum alanine
aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) value >2xULN.~ 3. Unexplained
microscopic/macroscopic hematuria on one repeat examinations within 2 weeks of the initial assessment.~10. Is
positive for either Hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg) or anti-hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibodies at the
Baseline Visit (Visit 2).~11. Has a condition or takes medication that, in the opinion of the Investigator,
could interfere with the assessments of safety, tolerability, or efficacy, or prevent the participant from
adequately participating in the study or continue for the anticipated duration of the study.~12. Has received
any investigational compound within 30 days prior to screening or 5 half-lives prior to Screening or is
currently participating in another study which entails the administration of an investigational or marketed
drug, supplement or intervention including, but not limited to diet, exercise, lifestyle or invasive
procedure.~13. Has a history of any cancer that has been in remission for less than 2 years from the Screening
Visit. Participants with basal cell or stage I squamous cell carcinoma of the skin will be eligible.
Participants with history of bladder cancer are not eligible irrespective of the remission status.~14. Has a
history or current diagnosis of macular edema or macular degeneration.~15. If female, has a history of
postmenopausal fractures with no or minimal trauma (eg, wrist, hip, lumbar or thoracic vertebral fracture).~16.
Has a history or current diagnosis of congestive heart failure (CHF), New York Heart Association Class
III-IV.~17. Has been exposed to the cognitive tests performed in this study within 6 months prior to the
Screening Visit, with the exception of the MMSE.~18. Participant's Translocase of the Outer Mitochondrial
Membrane 40 homolog (TOMM40) rs10524523 or apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotypes or APOE phenotype are known by the
participant or the study staff participating in this study.
