Exclusion Criteria:~* Women with an intact uterus~* A clinically significant medical condition, including lab
abnormality, which in the opinion of the investigator would place the patient at undue risk, or would impair
the patient's ability to participate in the study. These include but are not limited to: history of cerebral
vascular accident (CVA), adrenal insufficiency, porphyrias, autoimmune disorders, type I diabetes, chronic
obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), hematologic or oncologic disorders in the previous 2 years, vitamin B12
or folate deficiency~* A clinically significant active gastrointestinal, renal, hepatic, endocrine, or
cardiovascular system disease that is not well controlled by diet, pharmacological treatment, or other
therapeutic intervention~* History of psychotic episodes or bipolar disorder, or additional diagnosis of
delusions, delerium, or depression~* Evidence of other psychiatric or neurologic disorders (e.g., stroke,
schizophrenia, or Parkinson disease)~* Hachinski ischemia score of 5 or more~* Known hypersensitivity to
cholinesterase inhibitors~* Use of systemic or pulmonary inhaled corticosteroids within the 30 days prior to
randomization, or require use of these medications during the study~* Use of memantine (Namenda) within the 30
days prior to randomization, or require use of this medication during the study~* Currently taking medications
known to significantly induce or inhibit the metabolism of CYP 3A4, or have taken these medications 7 days
prior to randomization (see list below under prohibited medications)~* Use of anticholinergic compounds within
the 30 days prior to randomization, or require use of this medication during the study~* History of
electroconvulsive therapy (ECT); patients may not undergo ECT during the course of the trial~* Positive urine
drug screen for any non-prescribed drug of abuse (including but not limited to amphetamines, cannabinoids,
barbiturates, cocaine, opiates, benzodiazepines)~* History of illicit drugs usage or a history of drug or
alcohol dependence~* Known to have another form of dementia that may also explain the patient's deficits
including reversible dementias, Binswanger's, Parkinson's dementia complex, Korsakoff's, mental retardation or
vascular dementia. Patients who meet clinical criteria for AD but who have deep white matter lesions on MRI or
CT scan will be accepted.~* Currently taking prescription anticoagulants such as warfarin (Coumadin)~* Planned
surgical procedures during the study period, including the 4 week off drug period between weeks 16 and 20~*
Participation in a clinical investigation of any drug, or other biological or investigational therapy within 30
days prior to dosing~* Previous participation in a trial using mifepristone, or known sensitivity or allergy to
C-1073 (mifepristone) or its constituents~* Body Mass Index (BMI) over 35~Prohibited Medications:~Medications
known to significantly induce or inhibit the metabolism of CYP 3A4, specifically:~* carbamazepine (CarbatrolÂ®
TegretolÂ®)~* modafinil (ProvigilÂ®)~* nefazodone (SerzoneÂ®)~* droperidol~* erythromycin~* fluconazole
(DiflucanÂ®)~* itraconazole (SporanoxÂ®)~* ketoconazole (NizoralÂ®)~* simvastatin (ZocorÂ®)~* lovastatin
(MevacorÂ®)~* vinblastine~* vincristine~* paclitaxel (TaxolÂ®)~* tamoxifen (NolvadexÂ®)~* cyclosporine
(NeoralÂ®, SandimmuneÂ®)~* tacrolimus (GengrafÂ®)~* sirolimus (RapamuneÂ®)~* midazolam (VersedÂ®)~* nicardipine
(CardeneÂ®)~* nifedipine (AdalatÂ®, ProcardiaÂ®)~* felodipine (LexxelÂ®, PlendilÂ®)~* thioridizine~* pimozide
(OrapÂ®)~* quinidine~* Patient may also not take St. John's Wort during the study or within 7 days prior to
study entry~* the use of grapefruit juice will be excluded during the course of the study.~* use of
anticholinergic compounds over the past 30 days prior to randomization~* warfarin (Coumadin)~* all systemic and
inhaled pulmonary corticosteroids~* memantine (Namenda)
