Exclusion Criteria:~1. Participate in another clinical trial within 30 days prior to initiation of this
study;~2. Pregnant or nursing women;~3. Dementia due to other causes: vascular dementia, central nervous system
infection (e.g. AIDS, syphilis), Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, Huntington's chorea, Parkinson's disease, dementia
with Lewy bodies, traumatic dementia, other physical and chemical factors (e.g. drug poisoning, alcoholism,
carbon monoxide poisoning), significant physical illness (e.g. hepatic encephalopathy, pulmonary
encephalopathy), intracranial occupying lesion (e.g. subdural hematoma, brain tumor), endocrine disorders (e.g.
thyroid disease, parathyroid disease) and dementia caused by vitamin or other factors;~4. Previous nervous
system disorders (including stroke, optic neuromyelitis, Parkinson's disease, epilepsy);~5. Abnormal laboratory
values: liver function (ALT, AST) > 1.5 times of upper limit of normal, Cr > 1.5 times of upper limit of
normal, white blood cell count, platelet, hemoglobin below the lower limit of normal, blood glucose >1.5 times
of upper limit of normal;~6. In screening, systolic blood pressure ≥160 mmHg or <90 mmHg, or diastolic blood
pressure ≥100 mmHg or <60 mmHg;~7. Unstable or severe cardiac, pulmonary, hepatic, renal or hematopoietic
disease (including unstable angina, uncontrolled asthma, active gastric bleeding and cancer), after 10 min
rest, resting heart rate <55 bpm;~8. Visual or hearing disorder, preventing completion of neuropsychological
test and scale evaluation;~9. In screening, MRI examination shows significant focal lesions, more than 2
lacunar infarction lesions with a diameter >2 cm, lacunar infarction lesions in vital sites, such as thalamus,
hippocampus, entorhinal cortex, paraolfactory cortex, cortex and other subcortical gray matter nuclei; Fazekas
scale for white matter lesions at ≥ grade 3;~10. Alcohol abuse or drug abuse;~11. Patients with psychosis,
including severe depression;~12. Patients who are using drugs for Alzheimer's disease which can not be
stopped;~13. Use of heparin, Propylene Glycol Mannurate Sulfate or Alginric Sodium Diester within 3 weeks prior
to screening;~14. Inability to take trial drugs according to prescription, previous non-compliance with
prescription or possibility of non-compliance with study treatment in the trial;~15. Investigators consider
subjects can not complete this study;~16. Subjects in the phase II trial of the study drug;~17. Subjects are
investigators participating in this study or their direct relatives, staff of Quintiles (Shanghai) or Shanghai
Greenvalley Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. or their direct relatives.
