Exclusion criteria:~Participants who meet any of the following criteria will be excluded from this study:~1.
Females who are breastfeeding or pregnant at screening or baseline~2. Females of childbearing potential who:~
â€¢ Within 28 days before study entry, did not use a highly effective method of contraception For sites outside
of Europe, it is permissible that if a highly effective method of contraception is not appropriate or
acceptable to the participant, then the participant must agree to use a medically acceptable method of
contraception~3. History of transient ischemic attacks (TIA), stroke, or seizures within 12 months of
screening~4. Current or history within the past 2 years of psychiatric diagnosis or symptoms that, in the
opinion of the investigator, could interfere with study procedures~5. Contraindications to 3 Tesla magnetic
resonance imaging (MRI) scanning, including cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator, ferromagnetic metal implants
(example, in-skull and cardiac devices other than those approved as safe for use in MRI scanners), or exhibit
other significant pathological findings on brain MRI at Screening~6. Hypersensitivity to any monoclonal
antibody treatment~7. Any immunological disease which is not adequately controlled, or which requires treatment
with immunoglobulins, systemic monoclonal antibodies (or derivatives of monoclonal antibodies), systemic
immunosuppressants, or plasmapheresis during the study~8. Bleeding disorder that is not under adequate control
(including a platelet count <50,000 or international normalized ratio \[INR\] >1.5) at screening~9. Results of
laboratory tests conducted during screening that are outside the following limits:~ * Thyroid stimulating
hormone (TSH) above normal range~ * Abnormally low (below lower limit of normal \[LLN\]) serum vitamin B12
levels for the testing laboratory (if participant is taking vitamin B12 injections, level should be at or above
the LLN for the testing laboratory). A low vitamin B12 is exclusionary, unless the required follow-up labs
(homocysteine and methylmalonic acid \[MMA\]) indicate that it is not physiologically significant~10. Known to
be human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positive~11. Any other clinically significant abnormalities that in the
opinion of the investigator require further investigation or treatment or may interfere with study procedures
or safety~12. Malignant neoplasms within 3 years of screening (except for basal or squamous cell carcinoma in
situ of the skin, or localized prostate cancer in male participants with treatment cycles completed at least 6
months before screening). Participants who had malignant neoplasms but who have had at least 3 years of
documented uninterrupted remission before screening need not be excluded~13. Answer yes to Columbia-Suicide
Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) suicidal ideation Type 4 or 5, or any suicidal behavior assessment within 6
months before screening, at screening, or at baseline, or has been hospitalized or treated for suicidal
behavior in the past 5 years before screening~14. Known or suspected history of drug or alcohol abuse or
dependence within 2 years before screening or a positive urine drug test at screening. Participants who test
positive for benzodiazepines, opioids, or tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in urine drug testing need not be excluded
unless in the clinical opinion of the investigator this is due to potential drug abuse~15. Taking prohibited
medications~16. Participation in a clinical study involving:~ * Any anti-amyloid plaque lowering immunotherapy
(example, therapeutic monoclonal antibody or active anti-amyloid vaccine) at any time, unless it can be
documented that the participant was randomized to placebo or never received study drug~ * Any immunoglobulin
therapy, or vaccine within 6 months before Screening, unless it can be documented that the participant was
randomized to placebo or never received study drug~ * Lecanemab~ * Any new chemical entities or investigational
drug for AD within 6 months before randomization unless it can be documented that the participant received only
placebo~ * Any other investigational medication or device study in the 8 weeks or 5 half-lives (whichever is
longer) of the medication before randomization unless it can be documented that the participant was in a
placebo treatment arm~17. Planned surgery during the pre-randomization phase or within 3 months of
randomization, which requires general anesthesia~For extension phase:~1. Discontinued from the Core Study or
from study treatment~2. Under study drug interruption due to ARIA or other AE at the time of transition to the
extension phase
