Exclusion Criteria:~Eligibility Criteria:~Inclusion~1. Written informed consent from caregiver and subject (if
possible) or legally acceptable representative if different from caregiver 2. Male and female subjects 55-85
years of age inclusive 3. Cognitive deficit present for at least 2 years that meet the diagnostic criteria for
probable Alzheimer's dementia. The diagnosis must be confirmed at the time of the screening visit 4. MMSE-2
score of 10-18 inclusive (applies to Screening Visit only) 5. Patients must have a baseline SIB total score of
at least 60 and may not have a SIB score >93 at screening 6. Neuroimaging computerized tomography (CT) or
Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) within the last 24 months consistent with a diagnosis of probable AD without
any other clinically significant co-morbid pathologies. If there has been a significant change in the subject's
clinical status since the last imaging study that is not consistent with progression of the subject's AD, an
imaging study should be performed to confirm eligibility 7. Reliable caregiver(s) or informant(s) who attends
the subject at least an average of 3 hours or more per day for 3 or more days per week and who will agree to
accompany the subject to the clinic visits and reliably complete the caregiver questions 8. Adequate vision and
motor function to comply with testing 9. If taking an approved cholinesterase inhibitor for treatment of
Alzheimer's disease, must be on a stable dose for at least 3 months prior to entry into study and the dose must
not change during the study unless a change is required due to an adverse effect of the prescribed medication
or a clinically significant change in the patient's status 10. Subjects who are memantine naÃ¯ve or have been
off memantine for at least 90 days prior to initial treatment with study drug 11. Subjects on neuroleptic
medications must be on a stable dose for ≥4 weeks at screening (dose adjustments will be permitted if medically
necessary at the discretion of the PI) 12. Females participating in the study must meet one the following
criteria:~1. Surgically sterilized (e.g., hysterectomy, bilateral oophorectomy or tubal ligation) for at least
6 months or postmenopausal (postmenopausal females must have no menstrual bleeding for at least 1 year) or~2.
If not postmenopausal, agree to use a double method of contraception, one of which is a barrier method (e.g.,
intrauterine device plus condom, spermicidal gel plus condom) 30 days prior to dosing until 30 days after last
dose and have negative human chorionic gonadotropin (Î²-hCG) test for pregnancy at screening 13. Males who have
not had a vasectomy must use appropriate contraception methods (barrier or abstinence) from 30 days prior to
dosing until 30 days after last dose 14. In the opinion of the PI subjects should be in reasonably good health
over the last 6 months and any chronic disease should be stable Exclusion~ 1. Dementia due to any condition
other than AD, including vascular dementia (Rosen-Modified Hachinski Ischemic score ≥ 5)~ 2. Evidence of
significant central nervous system (CNS) vascular disease on previous neuroimaging including but not limited
to: cortical stroke, multiple infarcts, localized single infarcts in the thalamus, angular gyrus, multiple
lacunar infarcts or extensive white matter injury~ 3. Clinically significant neurologic disease or condition
other than AD, such as cerebral tumor, chronic subdural fluid collections, Huntington's Disease, Parkinson's
Disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, or any other diagnosis that could interfere with assessment of safety
and efficacy~ 4. Evidence of clinically significant unstable cardiovascular, pulmonary, renal, hepatic,
gastrointestinal, neurologic, or metabolic disease within the 6 months prior to enrollment. If there is a
history of cancer the subject should be clear of cancer for at least 2 years prior to screening. More recent
history of basal cell or squamous cell carcinoma and melanoma in situ (Stage 0) may be acceptable after review
by the Medical Monitor.~ 5. Creatinine clearance (CL) of <45ml/min~ 6. Poorly controlled diabetes, at the
discretion of the Principal Investigator~ 7. Concomitant treatment with NMDA receptor antagonists such as but
not limited to memantine or drug combinations containing memantine, dextromethorphan (a cough suppressant),
ketamine, phencyclidine (PCP), methoxetamine (MXE), nitrous oxide (N2O) and the following synthetic opioids:
penthidine, levorphanol, methadone, dextrpropoxyphene, tramadol, and ketobemidone.~ 8. Use of vitamin E > 400
International Units (IU) per day within 14 days prior to screening~ 9. Use of acetaminophen within 14 days
prior to screening~ 10. Use of gabapentin within 14 days prior to screening~ 11. Use of valproic acid within 14
days prior to screening~ 12. Use of an active Alzheimer's vaccine within 2 years prior to screening~ 13. Use of
a monoclonal antibody for treatment of AD within 1 year prior to screening~ 14. Any medical or psychiatric
condition that is likely to require initiation of additional medication or surgical intervention during the
course of the study~ 15. Any screening laboratory values outside the reference ranges that are deemed
clinically significant by the PI~ 16. Use of an investigational drug within 90 days prior to screening~ 17.
Suicidality defined as active suicidal thoughts during the 6 months prior to screening or at Baseline \[Type 4
or 5 on C-SSRS\], or history of suicide attempt in previous 2 years, or at serious suicide risk in PI's
judgment~ 18. Major psychiatric illness such as current major depression according to Diagnostic and
Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition , current or past diagnosis of bipolar disorder,
schizophrenia, or any other psychiatric disorder that might interfere with the assessments of safety or
efficacy at the discretion of the PI~ 19. Diagnosis of alcohol or drug abuse within the last 2 years~ 20.
Abnormal laboratory tests that suggest an alternate etiology for dementia. If the patient has prior history of
serum B12 abnormality, anemia with hemoglobin ≤10g/dl, thyroid function abnormality, electrolyte abnormality,
or positive syphilis serology the patient should be revaluated to determine if these potential causes of
dementia have been addressed. Only if these causes have been ruled out as the cause of the dementia can the
patient be enrolled.~ 21. History of prolonged QT or prolonged QT on screening ECG (QTcB or QTcF >499 per
central reader)~ 22. Acute or poorly controlled medical illness: blood pressure > 180 mmHg systolic or 100 mmHg
diastolic; myocardial infarction within 6 months; uncompensated congestive heart failure \[New York Heart
Association (NYHA) Class III or IV\]~ 23. Known to be seropositive for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)~ 24.
Known to be seropositive for Hepatitis B or C, unless successful curative treatment for Hepatitis C (e.g.,
Harvoni) has been received and there is documentation that there is no Hep B/C virus detected 3 months after
completion of treatment~ 25. AST or ALT >3x upper limit of normal (ULN) and total bilirubin >2x ULN or
International Normalized Ratio (INR) >1.5~ 26. Prior exposure to bryostatin, or known sensitivity to bryostatin
or any ingredient in the study drug~ 27. Any other concurrent medical condition, which in the opinion of the PI
makes the subject unsuitable for the clinical study -
