Exclusion criteria~1. Intolerance, or any contraindications, to study medications~2. Average SBP <110mmHg or
average DBP <60 mmHg during screening~3. Familial autosomal dominant form of Alzheimer's disease~4. Creatinine
clearance less than or equal to 30ml/min~5. Serum potassium > 5.5 mEq/L~6. ALT 3x > the upper limit of normal
(ULN)~7. History of angioedema~8. Co-morbid acute or chronic conditions (including type I diabetes mellitus,
other neurological conditions such as Parkinson's disease, psychiatric disorders, and severe or unstable
medical conditions) that could confound assessments or would, in the judgment of the investigator, make the
subject inappropriate for entry into this study~9. Any of the following findings on previous CT/MRI or on
screening MRI:~ Exclusionary Finding: Malignant tumour Brain Location: Anywhere Size: Any Exclusionary Number:
Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Tumour with significant mass effect Brain Location: Anywhere Size: Sufficient for
mass effect Exclusionary Number: Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Vascular malformations Brain Location: Anywhere
Size: Any Exclusionary Number: Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Subdural hematoma Brain Location: Anywhere Size: Any
Exclusionary Number: Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Intracerebral hemorrhage Brain Location: Anywhere Size: Any
Exclusionary Number: Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Cerebral microbleeds, Brain Location: Anywhere Size: Any
Exclusionary Number: more than 5~ Exclusionary Finding: Superficial siderosis (SS) Brain Location: Cortex Size:
Any Exclusionary Number: >1 instance of focal SS~ Exclusionary Finding: Ischemic infarct Brain Location: Cortex
Size: >1.5 cm in diameter Exclusionary Number: Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Ischemic infarct Brain Location:
Cortex Size: ≤1.5 cm in diameter Exclusionary Number: more than 1~ Exclusionary Finding: Fazekas score 3 with
white matter hyperintensity band along the lateral surface of the ventricles >0.5 cm in width~ Exclusionary
Finding: Ischemic infarct Brain Location: White matter Size: >1.5 cm in diameter Exclusionary Number: Any~
Exclusionary Finding: Ischemic infarct Brain Location: White matter Size: 1.0-1.5 cm in diameter Exclusionary
Number: More than 2~ Exclusionary Finding: Ischemic infarct Brain Location: Basal ganglia Size: >1.0 cm in
diameter Exclusionary Number: Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Ischemic infarct Brain Location: Basal ganglia and
white matter Size: ≤1.0 cm in diameter Exclusionary Number: More than 4~ Exclusionary Finding: Strategic
infarct Brain Location: Thalamus Size: Any Exclusionary Number: Any~ Exclusionary Finding: Strategic infarct
Brain Location: Hippocampus, Size: Any Exclusionary Number: Any~10. Inability to perform the study procedures,
including claustrophobia or contraindications for MRI~11. Currently on or has taken an angiotensin receptor
blocker within 12 months of randomization visit~12. Resides in a nursing home (participants who reside in
retirement homes may be included if they have a study partner who meets inclusion criterion #8)~13. Current
major depression by clinical history or score greater than 18 on the Cornell Scale for Depression in
Dementia~14. Documented potential cardiac source of brain infarction such as mechanical valve or atrial
fibrillation that is untreated or treated with warfarin or an antiplatelet agent; atrial fibrillation treated
with a novel oral anticoagulant is permitted, as is a history of remote, transient atrial fibrillation that has
not recurred
