Exclusion Criteria:~Exclusion Criteria Subjects with early Alzheimer's Disease~* Diagnosis of epilepsy, or
immediate (1st degree relative) family history epilepsy with the exception of a single seizure of benign
etiology (e.g. febrile seizures) in the judgment of a board-certified neurologist. Evidence of epileptiform
discharges and electroencephalogram (EEG) abnormalities will be included;~* Current or past history of any
neurological disorder other than dementia, such as epilepsy, stroke (cortical stroke), progressive neurologic
disease (e.g. multiple sclerosis) or intracranial brain lesions; and history of previous neurosurgery or head
trauma that resulted in residual neurologic impairment. Non-cortical disease such as scattered white matter
changes (including lacunar infarcts < 1 cm) and asymptomatic, subacute, cerebellar infarcts may be included
upon review of a medically responsible neurologist. However, subjects with significant vascular disease, as
defined by a score greater than 2 on the age-related white matter changes (ARWMC) scale, will be excluded.~*
Any current diagnosis of a major psychiatric disorder (e.g., schizophrenia, bipolar disorder) with the
exception of depression. As co-morbidity of anxiety / depression in AD is high, anxiety / depression will not
be an automatic exclusion. However, the study physician will assess any subject with a Geriatric Depression
Score (GDS) score of 9 or above, and will exclude subjects with a past history of multiple psychiatric
hospitalizations or suicide attempts, or current active suicidality.~* Evidence of significant kidney
impairment as defined as an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) <30~* Medications will be reviewed by
the responsible covering physician and a decision about inclusion will be made based on the participant's past
medical history, drug dose, history of recent medication changes or duration of treatment, and combination with
other central nervous system active drugs. Current use of an antiepileptic drug will be an absolute
exclusion.~Exclusion Criteria Healthy Control Subjects~* History of seizures, diagnosis of epilepsy, or
immediate (1st degree relative) family history epilepsy with the exception of a single seizure of benign
etiology (e.g. febrile seizures) in the judgment of a board-certified neurologist.~* Current or past history of
any neurological disorder, such as epilepsy, stroke (cortical stroke), progressive neurologic disease (e.g.
multiple sclerosis) or intracranial brain lesions; and history of previous neurosurgery or head trauma that
resulted in residual neurologic impairment.~* Any current diagnosis of a major psychiatric disorder (e.g.,
schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, major depressive disorder).~* Abnormal Neurologic or Cognitive exam~* Use of
medications that could alter cortical excitability, as determined by the investigators.~Exclusion Criteria for
All Subjects regarding magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)~* History
of head trauma resulting in prolonged loss of consciousness.~* Current history of poorly controlled headaches
including chronic medication for migraine prevention.~* History of fainting spells of unknown or undetermined
etiology that might constitute seizures.~* Chronic (particularly) uncontrolled medical conditions that may
cause a medical emergency in case of a provoked seizure (cardiac malformation, cardiac dysrhythmia, asthma,
etc.).~* Any metal in the brain or skull (excluding dental fillings) or elsewhere in the body unless cleared by
the responsible covering MD (e.g. MRI compatible joint replacement).~* Any devices such as pacemaker,
medication pump, nerve stimulator, ventriculo-peritoneal shunt unless cleared by the responsible covering
physician.~* Substance use disorders within the past six months.
