Exclusion Criteria:~1. Failure to perform screening or baseline examinations.~2. Hospitalization or change of
chronic concomitant medication within 1 month prior to screening period.~3. Clinical, laboratory or
neuroimaging findings consistent with:~ * other primary degenerative dementia, (dementia with Lewy bodies,
frontotemporal dementia, Huntington's disease, Jacob-Creutzfeld Disease, Down's syndrome, etc)~ * other
neurodegenerative condition (Parkinson's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, etc.)~ * cerebrovascular
disease (major infarct, one strategic or multiple lacunar infarcts, extensive white matter lesions)~ * other
central nervous system diseases (severe head trauma, tumors, subdural haematoma or other space occupying
processes, etc.)~ * seizure disorder~ * other infectious, metabolic or systemic diseases affecting central
nervous system (syphilis, present hypothyroidism, present vitamin B12 or folate deficiency, serum electrolytes
out of normal range, juvenile onset diabetes mellitus, etc.)~4. A current DSM-IV diagnosis of active major
depression, schizophrenia or bipolar disorder.~5. Clinically significant, advanced or unstable disease that may
interfere with evaluations that may bias the assessment of the clinical or mental status of the patient or put
the patient at special risk, such as:~ * chronic liver disease, liver function test (LFT) abnormalities or
other signs of hepatic insufficiency~ * respiratory insufficiency~ * renal insufficiency (serum creatinine
>2mg/dl and creatinine clearance â‰¤ 60 mL/min according to Cockgroft-Gault formula).~ * heart disease
(myocardial infarction, unstable angina, heart failure, cardiomyopathy within 6 months before screening)~ *
bradycardia (heart beat <50/min.) or tachycardia (heart beat >95/min.)~ * hypertension or hypotension if not
well controlled or unstable for > 2 months prior to baseline.~ * AV block (type II / Mobitz II and type III),
congenital long QT syndrome, sinus node dysfunction or prolonged QTcB-interval (males >450 and females >470
msec)~ * uncontrolled diabetes~ * malignant tumors within the last 5 years except skin malignancies (other than
melanoma) or indolent prostate cancer~ * metastases~6. Disability that may prevent the subject from completing
all study requirements (e.g., blindness, deafness, severe language difficulty, etc.)~7. Women who are fertile
and of child bearing potential.~8. Anticoagulant treatment with heparin i.v.~9. Chronic drug intake of:~ *
drugs metabolized by the CYP3A4 with narrow therapeutic window (i.e. warfarin, digitoxin, ...).~ *
antidepressants, benzodiazepines, neuroleptics or sedatives except those defined as allowed in the inclusion
criterion number 12~ * proton-pump inhibitors~ * antiepileptics~ * anticholinergics~ * nootropics~ * centrally
active anti-hypertensive drugs (clonidine, alpha-methyl dopa, guanidine, guanfacine, ...)~ * opioid containing
analgesics~ * non-steroid anti-inflammatory agents (except taken as concomitant medication per request as
defined in the inclusion criterion number 12), cortico-steroids or immunosuppressants~ * memantine, lithium or
other inhibitor of GSK3 enzyme~10. Suspected or known drug or alcohol abuse.~11. Suspected or known allergy to
any components of the study treatments.~12. Enrolment in another investigational study or intake of
investigational drug within the previous 3 months.~13. Any condition which in the opinion of the investigator
makes the patient unsuitable for inclusion.
