Exclusion Criteria:~* Any neurological or psychiatric condition that may occur currently or during the course
of the study that can impair cognition or functioning that is not associated with Alzheimer's disease~*
Background of mental retardation~* Uncontrolled behavioral symptoms incompatible with compliance or
evaluability~* Alcohol and/or substance abuse or dependence (DSM-IV-TR) in the past 2 years, except nicotine
use which is allowed. However, smokers treated with nicotine replacement therapy or bupropion are excluded~*
Unstable or poorly controlled hypertension as assessed by the investigator regardless of whether or not the
participant is taking antihypertensive medications~* Unstable or clinically significant cardiovascular disease
that could be expected to progress, recur, or change during study period to such an extent that it could bias
the assessment of the clinical or mental status of the participant~* Inadequate hepatic, renal or thyroid
function~* Positive for hepatitis B, hepatitis C or human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection~* Poorly
controlled diabetes (glycosylated hemoglobin \[HbA1c\] greater than or equal to \[≥\] 9 percent at screening)~*
Requiring nursing home care. Participants living in assisted living facilities are allowed if a reliable
caregiver is available (see inclusion criteria)~* Current treatment for Alzheimer's disease other than those
listed in inclusion criteria~* Participation at any time in an active Alzheimer's disease vaccine study~*
Participation in a passive Alzheimer's disease immunization study less than 1 year before screening except for
a) participants where documented medical history indicate that they were randomized to the placebo group in
these studies, b) participants treated with bapineuzumab where a 6-month exclusion period applies~* Recent (≤
12 weeks) or concomitant use of other Monoamine oxidase inhibitors (selective or not) including selegiline or
rasagiline~* Antidepressant treatments are not allowed except for citalopram up to 20 mg daily, escitalopram up
to 10 mg daily, paroxetine up to 30 mg daily, sertraline up to 100 mg daily and trazodone up to 100 mg daily.
If treated with one of these antidepressants, the treatment should be present for at least 6 weeks at
screening. All other antidepressants including other SSRIs, tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs),
serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs), St. John's wort and bupropion are excluded~*
Anti-psychotic use within 4 weeks before screening is not permitted except risperidone up to 1.5 mg/day,
quetiapine up to 100 milligrams per day (mg/day), olanzapine up to 5 mg/day, and aripiprazole up to 10 mg
daily~* Anxiolytics/ hypnotics use is not permitted except for benzodiazepines of short or intermediate
half-life for anxiety/sleeping disorders. Zolpidem (up to 5 mg/day), zopiclone (up to 7.5 mg/day), eszopiclone
(up to 2 mg/day), trazodone (up to 50 mg/day, at bedtime) or zaleplon (up to 5 mg/day) is permitted for
insomnia~* Anti-Parkinson's agents within 2 weeks before screening are not permitted~* Recent (less than 4
weeks prior to screening) or concomitant use of anticonvulsants~* Anticholinergics/ antihistaminics within 2
weeks before screening are not permitted, except i) if used episodically more than 3 days before the screening
cognitive measurement, ii) non-sedating antihistaminic medications (without anticholinergic effects such as
cetirizine) or peripheral anticholinergics without central anticholinergic effects (such as, trospium for the
treatment of hyperactive bladder), which are permitted~* Recent (less than 1 week prior to screening) or
concomitant use of opioid drugs (tramadol, methadone, propoxyphene, or meperidine), cyclobenzaprine and
dextromethorphan~* Concomitant use of sympathomimetic drugs, including sympathomimetics in local anesthetics
and ephedra supplements
