Exclusion Criteria:~1. Body weight ≥ 150 kg or body mass index (BMI) ≥ 35 kg/mÂ² at the screening visit.~2.
Prior use of pexidartinib (Turalio), other chemical entities, or any biologic treatment targeting colony
stimulating factor 1 (CSF-1) or the CSF-1 receptor within 3-month of the first dose with EI-1071; previous uses
of oral tyrosine kinase inhibitors are allowed (e.g., imatinib or nilotinib).~3. AD patients with low binding
affinity for tracer TSPO rs6971 SNP polymorphism at screening~4. Pregnant, breast feeding or plan to be
pregnant women during the study period~5. Active tuberculosis (TB), active or chronic infection with hepatitis
B virus (HBV) or hepatitis C virus (HCV) or known active or chronic infection with human immunodeficiency virus
(HIV) at screening or in the medical history.~6. Any medical or neurological/neurodegenerative condition
(including mental deficit, intracranial tumor, glioma or meningioma; head trauma, Lewy body dementia; other
disease than AD) that, in the opinion of the Investigator, might be a contributing cause to the participant's
cognitive impairment or could lead to discontinuation, lack of compliance, interference with study assessments,
or safety concerns~7. Clinically significant, unstable psychiatric illness or have contraindications to brain
magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or PET scans~8. Have had a stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack (TIA),
unexplained loss of consciousness or relevant brain hemorrhage, bleeding disorder and cerebrovascular
abnormalities in the past year based on medical history (with MRI imaging results as confirmation in the
medical history) at screening. Subjects with clinically relevant cerebrovascular abnormalities in MRI will be
excluded per PI's discretion.~9. Evidence of clinically significant gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, hepatic,
renal, hematological, neoplastic, endocrine (including poor-controlled T2DM), neurological, immunodeficiency,
pulmonary, or other disorder or disease at the screening visit (such as neurological or cognitive
impairment/decline due to substance abuse, vitamin B12 deficiency, abnormal thyroid function, or other
underlying condition might contribute to cognitive, functional or behavioral impairment will be excluded) by
investigator's judgment at screening; subjects who have to be fed by enteral tube will be excluded.~10. History
of or ongoing malignancy or carcinoma (either concurrent or within the last year of starting study treatment)
that requires therapy (e.g., surgical, chemotherapy, or radiation therapy), except for adequately treated basal
or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, melanoma in-situ, carcinoma in-situ of the cervix or breast~11.
Currently participating in any other clinical study or have participated in clinical trial within the last 60
days prior to screening; had donated blood (≥ 250 mL) within 30 days at screening.~12. Known allergy to EI-1071
or hypersensitivity to any component of the formulation (e.g., hydroxypropyl methylcellulose acetate succinate)
or hypersensitivity to any radiochemical tracer or \[Â¹â¸F\]FEPPA radiochemical tracer~13. Required to use
strong inhibitors or inducers of cytochrome P450 3A4 (CYP3A4) and is anticipated to use these inhibitors or
inducers during the study period
