Exclusion criteria:~* Any technical/administrative reason that makes it impossible to randomize the patient in
the study.~* Prior treatment with an investigational anti-amyloid therapy.~* Contraindication for lumbar
puncture, or contraindication or inability to complete magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) or having past or
planned exposure to ionizing radiation that would, together with the radiation resulting from the
administrations of the PET tracer used in this study, exceed applicable institutional, local, or national
recommendations for annual or lifetime exposure.~* Modified Hachinski Ischemic Score >4.~* Other neurological
or psychiatric condition (other than AD) which can impair cognition; or, computerized tomography (CT)/MRI
evidence of potentially significant intracranial abnormalities not related to AD (eg, evidence of major stroke
or lacune in an area critical to cognition, infections, cancer, hydrocephalus, multiple sclerosis etc.); or
abnormal cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) not consistent with AD.~* MRI evidence of >4 microhemorrhages: patients who
may be prone to spontaneous amyloid-related imaging abnormalities (ARIA-H) and/or may be more susceptible to
adverse effects of the ARIA-H.~* Untreated or unstable medical condition that could interfere with the study
assessments in the opinion of the Investigator or may require immune-stimulating, immune-suppressive, or
immune-modulating treatment(s) during the conduct of the study; eg, immunoglobulin, therapeutic vaccines,
cytokines, anti-cytokine monoclonal antibodies. History of asplenia, hyposplenia, or splenectomy (whatever the
surgical reasons).~* Current mood or anxiety disorder, and/or a psychotic disorder, and/or a substance-related
disorder according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Psychiatric Disorders, Edition IV, text revision
(DSM-IV-TR) or DSM-V; or considered suicidal or shows suicidal ideation as assessed by the Investigator.~*
Laboratory abnormalities indicative of an untreated medical or hematologic condition that could increase risk
or interfere with study assessments including untreated hypo- or hyperthyroidism, vitamin B12 deficiency,
hyperleukocytic syndrome (including but not restricted to chronic myelogenous leukemia, Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin
lymphoma), monoclonal gammopathy, and thrombocythemia.~* Known renal dysfunction or serum creatinine >150
Âµmol/L.~* Known hepatic dysfunction (apart from Gilbert's syndrome) or serum alanine aminotransferase (ALT) ≥3
times the upper limit of normal (ULN).~* Pregnant or breastfeeding woman.~* Presence or history of drug
hypersensitivity; or known hypersensitivity to sargramostim, yeast-derived products, any other component of the
product, or benzyl alcohol (present in bacteriostatic water or saline for infusion).~* Evidence of fluid
retention (clinical or radiological), respiratory symptoms (eg, dyspnea), cardiovascular symptoms or
electrocardiographic evidence of cardiac disease which warrant therapeutic intervention (eg, supraventricular
arrhythmia).~* History of deep vein thrombosis (DVT) or pulmonary embolism or familial predisposition for DVT
or pulmonary embolism.~* Women and female partners of childbearing potential and not protected by highly
effective contraceptive methods of birth control (ie, oral or depot contraceptives or intrauterine device
\[IUD\] or subject was surgically sterilized) and/or unwilling or unable to be tested for pregnancy; or are
pregnant or lactating.~* Recipient of an investigational drug within prior 60 days, or within 5 times the
elimination half-life of that drug, whichever is the longest.~* History of latex allergy or yeast allergy.~*
Any patient who:~* Is likely to be noncompliant, leave the area, or separate from the designated
caregiver/informant for more than 3 days during the study,~* Unable to cooperate because of a language problem
or poor mental development,~* Oversees or implements any aspect of the study, or~* Is employed by Sanofi or its
affiliates or subsidiaries (eg, Genzyme, Sanofi-Pasteur, Merial).~The above information is not intended to
contain all considerations relevant to a patient's potential participation in a clinical trial.
