EXCLUSION CRITERIA:~Patients meeting any of the following exclusion criteria during screening or during the
study will not be enrolled or will be immediately excluded from the study, as appropriate:~Patient has a
history of any medical condition that can reasonably be expected to subject the patient to unwarranted
risk.~Patient has clinically significant laboratory abnormalities that would preclude administration of lithium
and divalproex.~Patient is taking a prohibited concomitant medication. The following medications are forbidden
for at least one month prior to the treatment phase (unless otherwise noted) and during the course of the
study:~Any investigational drugs;~Anti-depressants (eligibility will be considered as long as dosage remains
stable throughout the study);~Anticonvulsants and other mood stabilizing drugs;~Treatment that may provoke
lithium toxicity due to reduced renal clearance, including metronidazole, spectinomycin,
tetracycline;~Treatment that may substantially increase steady-state plasma lithium levels resulting in lithium
toxicity, including angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, NSAIDS, diuretics;~Treatment that may increase
the risk of neurotoxicity, including calcium channel blocking agents;~Drugs that may increase urinary lithium
excretion resulting in lower serum lithium concentrations, such as acetazolamide, urea, xanthine preparations,
alkalinizing agents such as sodium bicarbonate, theophylline;~Drugs that interact with lithium, including
methyldopa;~Neuroleptics (eligibility will be considered as long as dosage remains stable throughout the
study). If patient is on existing atypical neuroleptic drugs, these will be continued at the same dose.
Patients will not start a new prescription for atypical antipsychotics during the study;~Drugs that may prolong
the effects of lithium, including neuromuscular blocking agents;~Digoxin, warfarin.~Patient has not been using
an adequate contraceptive method for the last 30 days or unwilling to continue contraception throughout the
study, or is not at least one year post-menopausal (if female).~Patient is pregnant or breastfeeding.~Patient
has participated in a clinical study with an investigational drug within the last 30 days.~Patient has a
condition (such as active drug or alcohol abuse) that, in the opinion of the investigators, would interfere
with compliance or safety.~Patient has known hypersensitivity to lithium or divalproex.~Patient's inability to
swallow tablets or to comply with medication schedule.~Patient has no adequate caregiver.~Patient and/or
caregiver are unwilling to sign an informed consent or to comply with protocol requirements.~Patient is
unwilling to have lumbar puncture.
