Exclusion Criteria:~* History or reported symptoms suggestive of restless legs syndrome, narcolepsy, or
parasomnia.~* STOP-Bang score >6 for participants without PAP.~* Untreated sleep apnea AHI>15~* Poorly treated
sleep apnea due to noncompliance or an AHI ≥ 10.~ - PAP compliance is defined as ≥ 4 hours per night >70% of
the nights.~* Negative plasma amyloid-beta and tau test~* Stroke.~* History of renal impairment~ * Defined as
older adult patients with markers of kidney damage or eGFR < 45.0 ml/min/1.73m2.~ * Normal Limits ≥ 45.0
mL/min/1.73m2~* History of hepatic impairment~ * AST and/or ALT ≥ 2X upper limit of normal (ULN).~ * Normal
Limits: AST 11-47 IU/L and ALT 6-53 IU/L~* HIV/AIDS.~* History of substance abuse or alcohol abuse in the
preceding 6 months.~* Regular alcohol consumption 3 or more days a week over the last 6 months. Regular alcohol
consumption is defined as having more than 2 alcoholic beverages within 3 hours of bedtime. Participants that
agree to reduce alcohol consumption during the study may not be excluded.~* History of presence of any
clinically significant medical condition, behavioral or psychiatric disorder, or surgical history based on
medical record or participant report that could affect the safety of the participant or interfere with study
assessments or in the judgement of the Principal-Investigator (PI) if participant is not a good candidate.~*
Has any medical condition that, in the PI's or study team investigator's opinion, could increase risk to the
participant, limit the participant's ability to tolerate the research procedures, or interfere with the
collection/analysis of the data. Potential medical conditions that will be exclusionary at the PI's or study
team investigator's discretion:~ * Cardiovascular disease requiring medication except for controlled
hypertension.~ * Pulmonary disease.~ * Type I diabetes.~ * Neurologic or psychiatric disorder requiring
medication.~ * Untreated depression~ * Tobacco use.~ * Use of sedating medications.~ * Use of medications that
interact with lemborexant (if cannot be discontinued).~ * Abnormal safety labs.~* History of current suicidal
ideations.~* Inability to speak and understand English.~* Currently pregnant or breast-feeding.~* In the
opinion of the PI, the participant should be excluded due to an abnormal physical examination.~* Must not have
participated in any clinical trial involving a study drug or device within the 30-days prior to study
enrollment.~* Must not participate in another drug or device study prior to the end of this study
participation.~Optional assessment exclusion criteria:~â€¢ Contraindication to lumbar puncture (anticoagulants;
bleeding disorder; allergy to lidocaine or disinfectant; prior central nervous system or lower back surgery).
