Exclusion Criteria:~1. A known history of stroke that is clinically important in the investigator's opinion.~2.
Evidence of a clinically relevant neurological disorder other than AD at screening, including but not limited
to: vascular dementia, Parkinson's disease, frontotemporal dementia, Huntington's disease, amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis, multiple sclerosis, progressive supranuclear palsy, dementia with Lewy bodies, other types of
dementia, neurosyphilis or head trauma with loss of consciousness that led to persistent cognitive deficits.~3.
A history of seizures or epilepsy within the last 5 years before screening.~4. Evidence of a clinically
relevant or unstable psychiatric disorder, based on the 5th edition after text revision of the Diagnostic and
Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5TM) criteria, including schizophrenia or other psychotic disorder,
bipolar disorder, major depression, or delirium. Major depression in remission is not exclusionary.~5. Renal
impairment as indicated by a creatinine clearance of less than 50 mL/min as calculated by the Cockcroft Gault
equation.~6. Patient has a history of any of the following conditions:~ 1. Clinically significant hepatic
disease,~ 2. AST or ALT levels of â‰¥ 2 times upper limit of normal (ULN),~ 3. Biliary tract disease,~ 4. Patient
has a positive screening test for HIV, hepatitis B or C.~7. Presence of any of the following clinical
conditions:~ 1. Unstable cardiac, pulmonary, endocrine, hematologic or active infectious disease,~ 2. Unstable
psychiatric illness defined as psychosis, untreated major depression within 90 days of the screening visit,~ 3.
A history of cancer within the past 3 years prior to screening other than treated squamous cell carcinoma,
basal cell carcinoma and melanoma in situ, or in-situ prostate cancer or in-situ breast cancer which have been
fully removed and are considered cured~8. History or signs/symptoms of lumbar spine/disc disease including but
not limited to scoliosis, herniation, or any other contraindication to lumbar puncture.~9. History of known
sensitivity or intolerability to edaravone, related substances of edaravone, or to any of the excipients.~10.
Current substance or alcohol dependence.~11. Exposure to any investigational drug within 30 days of the
screening visit.
