Exclusion Criteria:~* Use of metformin or any class of medication approved for treatment of diabetes, even if
it is used for an indication other than diabetes (e.g., obesity), within one year of screening. These
medications include GLP-1 agonists used for weight loss.~* Body mass index ≤ 20 k/m2.~* Metformin is
contraindicated in persons with an estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) of less than 30 mL/min. For
persons with an eGFR of 30 to 45 mL/min, a reduction of the dose or discontinuation of the medication is
recommended for those on metformin; in this range, it is also recommended that persons do not initiate
metformin. Thus, participants with eGFR ≤ 45 mL/min will not be eligible to participate.~* The risk of lactic
acidosis is increased in persons with liver disease and class III or IV congestive heart failure. Thus, persons
with liver disease other than non-alcoholic fatty liver disease or class III or IV congestive heart failure
will not be eligible to participate due to the risks of side effects.~* A history of intolerance to
metformin.~* History of cerebrovascular accident with residual neurological deficits.~* Moderate to severe
depression, indicated by a score in the Geriatric Depression Scale of 9/15 or higher.~* Dementia diagnosis~*
Lack of capacity to consent~* Participants with neurologic diseases associated with neurologic deficits on
clinical examination.~* Participants with other current Axis I psychiatric diagnoses such as bipolar disorder
or schizophrenia.~* Alcohol or substance abuse or dependence in the past 6 months.~* Use of medications rated
as being the likely cause of cognitive impairment. These include benzodiazepines in dose equivalents greater
than 2 mg daily of lorazepam, and regular use of prescription narcotics.~* Normal individuals without cognitive
complaints.~* Participants with uncontrolled hypertension (systolic blood pressure ≥ 160 mmHg or diastolic
blood pressure ≥ 95 mmHg).~* Participants with active cancer or a history of cancer within the last two years,
with the exception of squamous or basal cell carcinoma of the skin.~* Participants who for any reason may not
complete the study as judged by the study physician.~* Participants planning to move to another city or state
during the duration of the study.~* Participants with a known history of diabetes. The rationale for this
exclusion is persons with diabetes may already be on metformin or on other medications that increase insulin
levels and could confound the trial.~* Participants with diabetes discovered on screening based on American
Diabetes Association criteria using HbA1c (HbA1c of 6.5% or greater). Although metformin could be a first
treatment of diabetes for these participants, addition of treatments for diabetes by physicians could confound
the study.~* Use of any other amyloid modifying treatment for AD such as lecanemab, either experimental or
approved by the Food and Drug Administration, is exclusionary. Previous use of amyloid targeting therapy that
was shown to be non-efficacious (e.g., solunazemab) is not exclusionary.~* Not able to undergo phlebotomy as
reported by the participant or determined by the study coordinator or physician.~* Participants with known,
suspected, or plan for becoming pregnant.~* The presence of a medical condition, and/or use of a medication
and/or any substance, individually or in aggregate, that in the judgement of the study team, is the primary
cause of cognitive impairment. For example, if hypothyroidism, cobalamin deficiency, or tertiary syphilis are
reported or found during screening, they could be deemed as being likely contributors to cognitive impairment,
and thus be exclusionary. Combinations of multiple medications with anti-cholinergic effects with or without
other central nervous system depressants could also be considered as being causative of cognitive impairment
and exclusionary.~Exclusion Criteria for MRI~Contraindications for MRI include inability to lie flat,
claustrophobia, or presence of indwelling metal objects or implants that are not MRI compatible.~Exclusion
Criteria for PET~History of adverse reactions to radiocontrast agents.
