Exclusion Criteria:~* Diagnosed with frontotemporal dementia (FTD), dementia due to Acquired Immunodeficiency
Syndrome (AIDS), Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (CJD), Lewy Bodies dementia (LBD), Progressive Supranuclear Palsy
(PSP), multiple cerebral infarctions, or normal pressure hydrocephalus.~* Any other neurodegenerative
disease.~* History of a seizure disorder.~* Evidence of: a prior macrohemorrhage; at least 4 cerebral
microhemorrhages (regardless of anatomical location or diagnostic characterization as possible or definite); or
at least 1 area of superficial siderosis.~* Unwillingness or inability to have MRIs scans (no contrasting agent
will be used), or condition that contraindicates MRI, such as the presence metallic objects in the eyes, skin,
or heart.~* Any conditions that contraindicates PET with a beta-amyloid tracer.~* Significant intestinal
malabsorption surgery, e.g., gastric bypass.~* Serum B12 and/or folate levels below normal range.~* Clinically
abnormal free T4 or thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH).~* Resting blood oxygen saturation <93%.~* Resting
systolic blood pressure >180 mm Hg, or diastolic blood pressure >110 mm Hg.~* Regularly (> 4 weeks) using
high-doses of corticosteroids or other steroidal anti-inflammatory medication (e.g., Prednisone) on a regular
basis, with the exception of steroidal nasal sprays, asthma inhalers, topical steroids, and
hormonal-replacement therapy.~* Regularly (> 4 weeks) using anti-cytokine antibody or targeting therapy, e.g.,
anti-TNF-Î±.~* Be an organ transplant recipient, or have active or expected future listing for any organ/tissue
transplant while scheduled to be on trial, except for corneal, bone, skin, ligament, or tendon.~* Diagnosed
with malignancy within the past 2 years, with the exception of curatively treated basal cell carcinoma,
squamous cell carcinoma, melanoma in situ, or cervical carcinoma.~* Known hypersensitivity to dimethyl
sulfoxide (DMSO).~* Test positive for hepatitis B virus surface antigen, viremic hepatitis C virus, HIV, or
syphilis.~* Any condition that is projected to limited life expectancy to < 12 months.~* Be pregnant, nursing,
or of childbearing potential while not practicing effective contraception.~* Be currently participating in any
other investigational therapeutic or device trial, or have participated within one within the previous 30 days
to screening, or in the opinion of the investigator, the patient should be excluded for such participation
within the past 5 years.~* In the opinion of the investigator, the patient has any other illness or condition
that: may compromise the participant's safety, compliance, or ability to successfully complete the study; may
compromise the validity of the study; or otherwise should exclude the participant from enrollment.
