Exclusion Criteria:~1. Body mass index (BMI)>40 kg/m2.~2. Average QTcF (from 3 ECGs obtained at least one
minute apart) at screening of ≥450msec in males and ≥460msec in females.~3. MRI contraindications including
claustrophobia, the presence of metal (ferromagnetic) implants, or cardiac pacemaker.~4. Pregnancy or possible
pregnancy.~5. Any significant neurologic disease other than prodromal or early AD including Parkinson's
disease, Huntington's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, brain tumor, progressive supranuclear palsy,
seizure disorder, subdural hematoma, multiple sclerosis, or history of significant head trauma followed by
persistent neurologic deficits or known structural brain abnormalities.~6. Current or history of alcohol or
substance abuse or dependence within the past 2 years per Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders
(DSM V criteria).~7. Endorsement of current suicidality or suicidal ideation on the screening C-SSRS.~8.
Uncontrolled diabetes (HbA1c > 7% or the current use of insulin or sulfonylureas).~9. Poorly controlled blood
pressure (systolic BP>160, diastolic BP>90 mmHg) based on two or more readings and as determined by the
PI/study clinician.~10. eGFR < 10 ml/ min/ 1.73 m2.~11. Myocardial infarction, angina, stroke, or transient
ischemic attack in the past 6 months.~12. Chronic heart failure.~13. Presence of significant liver disease with
total bilirubin >2X upper limit.~14. Inability to tolerate oral medication.~15. Participants taking medications
that are sensitive to substrates or substrates with a narrow therapeutic range for CYP3A4, CYP2C8, CYP2C9, or
CYP2D6 or strong inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A4 (e.g., cyclosporine, tacrolimus, or sirolimus).~16.
Participants currently taking drugs that induce cellular senescence: alkylating agents, anthracyclines,
platins, other chemotherapy.~17. Participants on therapeutic doses of anticoagulants (e.g., warfarin, heparin,
low molecular weight heparin, factor Xa inhibitors, etc.) other than low dose aspirin unless able to be held
for 2 days prior to LP and with the documented approval of the prescribing clinician.~18. Participants taking
H2 antagonists or proton pump inhibitors who are unable or unwilling to reduce or hold therapy for at least 2
days prior to and during each of the 2-day courses of Dasatinib plus quercetin dosing. Instead, subjects may
use antacids prior to and during each of the 2-day courses of Dasatinib plus quercetin dosing.~19. Concomitant
use of strong CYP3A4 inhibitors.~20. Co-enrollment in another ADRD research study with a potentially
disease-modifying intervention or study drug that may impact senescent cells. Participants previously enrolled
in a study meeting these criteria are eligible to screen after a washout period of ≥6 months from date of last
dose to date of screening.~21. Presence of any condition that the Investigator believes would put the subject
at risk or would preclude the patient from successfully completing all aspects of the trial.~22. Use of
anti-amyloid therapies (e.g. aducanumab, lecanamab).
