EXCLUSION CRITERIA~Patients must be excluded from this study if they meet any of the following criteria:~1.
Secondary disorders inducing dementia such as neurosyphilis, craniocerebral trauma (CT/MRI), hyperthyroidism,
or folic acid deficiency.~2. History of malignancy within 3 years, except for basal cell carcinoma.~3. History
or diagnosis of symptomatic and/or unstable/uncontrolled:~ * Cardiovascular illnesses such as chronic
congestive heart failure (with or without edema), arrhythmias, labile hypertension, ischemic heart disease,
myocardial infarction (with residual angina), orthopnea, conduction defects (ECG), or other heart disease
classified NYHA III or IV.~ * Liver disease such as cirrhosis, hepatitis B, hepatitis C, or primary or
metastatic neoplasm.~ * Gastrointestinal disorder such as GI bleeding, malabsorption syndromes,
post-gastrectomy, or active peptic ulcer disease.~ * Renal disease (primary or secondary) such as chronic renal
failure (CLCR < 30 mL/min).~ * Endocrine disease such as diabetes mellitus or hypothyroidism.~ * Neurological
disease (other than Dementia of the Alzheimer's Type such as Huntington's disease, Parkinson's disease,
encephalitis, epilepsy, stroke, or multiple sclerosis) and psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, major
depression, or mental retardation.~ * Significant pulmonary disease predisposing to hypoxia.~ * Immunological
disorder such as clinically significant allergies, Lupus erythematosis, or scleroderma.~ * Hematological
disease (regardless of cause) such as refractory anemia or refractory myelosuppression.~ * Organ system
diseases which, in the opinion of the investigator, would impact on the primary and secondary endpoints of the
trial such as dehydration (hematocrit >48%) or hypothyroidism.~4. Significant history of drug dependence or
abuse (including alcohol, as defined in DSM IV or in the opinion of the investigator) within two years, or a
positive urine drug screen for cocaine, heroin, or marijuana.~5. HIV positive.~6. Presence of Hepatitis C
antibody.~7. Planned elective surgery requiring general anesthesia or hospitalization for more than 1 day
during the study period.~8. Previous participation in any NS 2330 study.~9. Use of any investigational drug or
procedure within 30 days before randomization.~10. Use of any drug within 14 days prior to randomization
unless:~ * the dose of the drug and the condition being treated have been stable for at least 30 days and are
expected to remain stable during the study~ * neither the drug nor the condition being treated is expected to
interfere with the study endpoints.~11. Treatment with donepezil, galantamine, rivastigmine, or tacrine, is
prohibited within 6 weeks before randomization.~12. Treatment with drugs that inhibit CYP 450 3A4 (see Appendix
II for a list of relevant drugs.) If they are needed under emergency conditions, the patient should discontinue
the trial.~13. Treatment with antipsychotics/neuroleptics is prohibited for 8 weeks prior to randomisation (see
listing Appendix II).~14. Treatment with monoamine oxidase inhibitors is prohibited for 8 weeks prior to
randomization.~15. Treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors is prohibited for 6 weeks prior to
randomization.~16. Tricyclic antidepressants and antihistamines are prohibited for 4 weeks prior to
randomization.
