Exclusion Criteria:~1. Change in psychotropic medications less than the duration of 5 half-lives of the
medication in question prior to screening (e.g., concomitant antidepressants or atypical antipsychotics) and
any changes during study participation~2. Administration of strong inducers of CYP3A4 ≤ 14 days prior to first
doses of study intervention or have ongoing requirements for these medications~3) Use of anticonvulsant
medications~4) Contraindications to CBs, e.g. allergies to cannabis and cannabis products, potential clinically
important drug-drug interactions~5) Any type of arterial vascular disease, cerebrovascular disease and current
uncontrolled cardiovascular disease (e.g. uncontrolled hypertension, ischemic heart disease, arrhythmia and
severe heart failure), as per investigator assessment~6) Patients with Cardiovascular Accident in the 3 months
prior to Screening (V1)~7) Impaired hepatic function, as reflected by serum alanine aminotransferase or
aspartate aminotransferase > 2 Ã— upper limit of normal (ULN), or total bilirubin > 1.5~Ã— ULN; the
Investigator may decide to repeat the assessment to confirm criterion prior to screen failing the
participant~8) Presence of clinically significant impaired renal function at screening, as evidenced by an
estimated creatinine clearance < 30 mL/min/1.73 m2 (as calculated by the glomerular filtration rate using the
Modification of Diet in Renal Disease study equation)~9) Presence or history of other psychiatric disorders or
neurological conditions (e.g.~psychotic disorders, schizophrenia, stroke, epilepsy) and known or suspected
psychotic disorder in a first degree relative~10) Participants currently meeting DSM 5 criteria for Major
Depressive Episode~11) Current substance dependence (excluding caffeine and nicotine)~12) Clinically
significant delusions and/or hallucinations (e.g. NPI-NH delusion/hallucinations subscore ≥4 or judgement of
QI)~13) Reported use of marijuana or cannabinoid-based medications, products or supplements (botanical or
synthetic) within 1 week prior to randomization~14) Systolic blood pressure (SBP) < 90 mmHg or > 150 mmHg or
diastolic blood pressure (DBP) < 50mmHg or > 105 mmHg at screening or baseline (prior to randomization) or a
postural drop in SBP ≥ 20 mmHg or DBP ≥ 10 mmHg at screening
