Exclusion Criteria:~* Significant central nervous system disorder other than probable AD or MCI-AD~*
Significant intracranial focal or vascular pathology seen on brain MRI scan that would lead to a diagnosis
other than probable AD or MCI-AD~* Clinical evidence or history of cerebrovascular accident; transient ischemic
attack; significant head injury, for example, associated loss of consciousness, skull fracture or persisting
cognitive impairment; other unexplained or recurrent loss of consciousness for ≥15 minutes~* Epilepsy (a single
prior seizure >6 months prior to Screening is considered acceptable)~* Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition criteria met for major depressive disorder; schizophrenia; other psychotic
disorders, bipolar disorder; substance (including alcohol) related disorders~* Metal implants in the head,
pacemaker, cochlear implants, or any other non-removable items that are contraindications to MRI~* Resides in
hospital or moderate to high dependency continuous care facility~* Any physical disability that would prevent
completion of study procedures or assessments~* History of swallowing difficulties~* Pregnant or
breastfeeding~* Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PD) deficiency~* History of significant hematological
abnormality or current acute or chronic clinically significant abnormality~* Abnormal serum chemistry
laboratory value at Screening deemed to be clinically significant by the Investigator~* Clinically significant
cardiovascular disease or abnormal electrocardiogram assessments~* Pre-existing or current signs or symptoms of
respiratory failure~* Concurrent acute or chronic clinically significant immunologic, hepatobiliary, or
endocrine disease and/or other unstable or major disease other than probable AD or MCI-AD~* Diagnosis of cancer
(excluding basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma, or prostate carcinoma in situ \[Stage 1\]) within the
past 2 years or a previous (>2 years) diagnosis of cancer that has required any form of intervention or
treatment within the past 2 years~* Prior intolerance or hypersensitivity to methylthioninium (MT)-containing
drug or methemoglobinemia induced by MT-containing drug, similar organic dyes, or any of the excipients~*
Treatment currently or within 90 days before Baseline with SouvenaidÂ®, clozapine, carbamazepine, primidone,
valproate, or drugs for which there is a warning or precaution in the labeling about methemoglobinemia at
approved doses~* Current or prior participation in any clinical trial of TRx0237; a clinical trial of a product
for cognition prior to Baseline in which the last dose was received within 90 days prior to Baseline unless
confirmed to have been randomized to placebo; or a clinical trial of any other investigational drug, biologic,
device, or medical food in which the last dose was received within 28 days prior to Baseline
