Exclusion criteria:~* Mild cognitive impairment with any etiology other than prodromal AD (for example:
neurosyphilis, craniocerebral trauma, small vessel disease) based on clinical data and/or current laboratory
findings and/or a pre-existing MRI or CT of the brain (CCT). If previous cranial imaging is not available or
older than 12 months prior to screening then a CCT or MRI needs to be performed at screening~* Substantial
concomitant cerebrovascular disease (defined by a history of a stroke / intracranial haemorrhagia) temporally
related to the onset of worsening of cognitive impairment per investigator judgement~* Medical history of
cancer (except for basal cell carcinoma) and/or treatment for cancer within the last 5 years~* Medical history
or diagnosis of any of symptomatic and unstable/uncontrolled conditions per investigator judgement~* Severe
renal impairment defined with a glomerular filtration rate (GFR) < 30ml/min/1.73m2 in the screening central lab
report~* Any other psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, or mental retardation~* Any suicidal actions in
the past 2 years (per investigator judgement i.e. actual attempt, interrupted attempt, aborted attempt, or
preparatory acts or behaviour)~* Any suicidal ideation of type 4 or 5 in the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating
Scale (C-SSRS) in the past 3 months (i.e. active suicidal thought with intent but without specific plan, or
active suicidal thought with plan and intent)~* Previous participation in investigational drug studies of mild
cognitive impairment within three months prior to screening. Having received active treatment in any other
study targeting disease modification like AÃŸ immunization and tau therapies. Previous participation in studies
with non-prescription medications, vitamins or other nutritional formulations is allowed.~* Significant history
of drug dependence or abuse (including alcohol, as defined in Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental
Disorders \[DSM-V\] or in the opinion of the investigator) within the last two years, or a positive urine drug
screen for cocaine, heroin, or marijuana.~* Known history of HIV infection~* Any planned surgeries requiring
general anaesthesia, or hospitalisation for more than 1 day during the study period~* Pre-menopausal women
(last menstruation ≤ 1 year prior to informed consent) who are nursing or pregnant or are of child-bearing
potential and are not practicing an acceptable method of birth control~* For male patients: Men who are able to
father a child, unwilling to be abstinent or to use an adequate form of effective contraception for the
duration of study participation and for at least 28 days after treatment has ended.~* Use of any
investigational drug or procedure for other indications within 3 months or 6 half-lives (whichever is longer)
prior to randomization.~* Intake of the following medications within 3 months prior to randomization and
intended to be initiated during the duration of the trial:~ 1. tricyclic antidepressants,~ 2. antidepressants
that are monoamine oxidase inhibitors,~ 3. neuroleptics with moderate or greater anticholinergic potency (e.g.
chlorpromazine, fluphenazine, loxapine, perphenazine, thioridazine),~ 4. anticholinergic medications~The
following drugs may be given as needed if the total daily dose was stable 8 weeks prior to randomisation and is
expected to be for the duration of the trial:~1. neuroleptics listed in the protocol~2. benzodiazepines and
sedatives listed in the protocol~ * Clinically significant uncompensated hearing loss in the judgment of the
investigator. Use of hearing aids is allowed.~ * Known hypersensitivity to the drug product excipients
