Exclusion Criteria:~* Diagnosis of vascular dementia according to NINDS-AIREN criteria, or other non-AD
dementia, or CNS pathology (including but not limited to brain injury, brain tumour, stroke, normal pressure
hydrocephalus, Parkinson's disease, epilepsy,multiple sclerosis,...) that may be responsible for dementia.~*
Clinically significant pathology and/or uncontrolled condition, including but not limited to cancer, infectious
(like AIDS), gastro-intestinal, hepatic, renal, respiratory, endocrine(like diabetes mellitus, thyroiditis)
pathology.~* History or current clinically significant psychiatric pathology (including but not limited to
psychotic disorders, bipolar disorder, personality disorders) that may interfere with study assessments.~*
Current major depressive disorder, either treated or not, associated with clinically significant symptoms.~*
Low blood level of vitamin B12, TSH levels out of normal range at screening.~* Current forbidden medication
intake or intake within 2 weeks prior to screening.~* Recent history (within the past year prior to inclusion)
or current cardiovascular pathology and/or symptoms considered as clinically significant, including but not
limited to angina pectoris, uncontrolled arrhythmia, significant ECG abnormalities. Lifetime history of heart
failure, myocardial infarction, severe and/or uncontrolled angina pectoris,and/or ventricular arrhythmia
disqualifies the patient.~* History or presence of clinically conditions that may interfere with product
metabolism or with study assessments.~* Systolic blood pressure ≥ 160 mmHg and/or diastolic blood pressure ≥ 90
mmHg at screening and/or randomisation.~* QTc interval (Bazett's correction) ≥ 430 msec for male and ≥ 450 msec
for female at screening.~* Laboratory values (biochemistry, haematology, urinalysis) considered as clinically
significant and/or that may interfere with study assessments, according to the investigator.~* ALAT, ASAT, ALP
> 2.5 times the upper normal limit (UNL), total bilirubin > 1.5 UNL or history of significant liver pathology
including hepatitis caused by drugs, HBV, HCV.~* BUN, creatinin > 1.5 UNL.~* Current or recent history of drug
or alcohol abuse or dependence.~* Patient not registered at SÃ©curitÃ© Sociale.~* Participation in another
study within 1 month prior to screening and during the whole duration of the study.
