Exclusion Criteria:~1. Clinically significant illness that required medical treatment within 8 weeks before the
1st dose or a clinically significant infection that required medical treatment within 4 weeks before 1st
dose~2. Females who are breastfeeding or pregnant at Screening or Baseline~3. Females of childbearing potential
who:~ Within 3 months before screening, did not use a highly effective method of contraception~4. Any
neurological condition that may be contributing to cognitive impairment above and beyond that caused by the
participant's Alzheimer's disease (AD)~5. History of transient ischemic attacks, stroke, or seizures within 12
months of Screening~6. History of clinically important carotid or vertebrobasilar stenosis, plaque, or other
prominent risk factor for stroke or cerebral haemorrhage (including atrial fibrillation and anticoagulation).
Low dose aspirin (less than or equal to \[â‰¤\] 325 milligram \[mg\] daily) is not exclusionary~7. Any current
psychiatric diagnosis or symptoms, (example, hallucinations, major depression, or delusions) that could
interfere with study procedures in the participant~8. Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) score greater than or
equal to 8 at Screening~9. Contraindications to MRI scanning, including but not limited to pacemaker/cardiac
defibrillator, neurostimulators, ferromagnetic metal implants (example, in skull and cardiac devices other than
those approved as safe for use in MRI scanners)~10. Evidence of other clinically significant lesions on brain
MRI at Screening that could indicate a dementia diagnosis other than AD~11. Other significant pathological
findings on brain MRI at Screening~12. Hypersensitivity to E2814 or any of the excipients, or to any monoclonal
antibody (mAb) treatment~13. Any immunological disease which is not adequately controlled, or which requires
treatment with immunoglobulins, systemic monoclonal antibodies (or derivatives of monoclonal antibodies),
systemic immunosuppressants, or plasmapheresis during the study~14. With a bleeding disorder of current chronic
use of anticoagulants (example, warfarin, dabigatran, rivaroxaban or apixaban) or of clopidogrel is
exclusionary. Limited (occasional or isolated) use of anticoagulants/antiplatelet compounds in cases such as
surgical procedures~15. Have thyroid stimulating hormone outside of normal range. Other tests of thyroid
function with results outside the normal range should only be exclusionary if they are considered clinically
significant by the investigator~16. Hemoglobin A1c (HgbA1c) greater than (>) 8 percent (%) (retesting is
permitted if slightly elevated) or poorly controlled insulin-dependent diabetes (including hypoglycemic
episodes). Participants may be rescreened after 3 months to allow optimization of diabetic control~17.
Abnormally low serum vitamin B12 levels for the testing laboratory~18. History of human immunodeficiency virus
(HIV) infection, history of hepatitis B infection within the past year, history of hepatitis C infection which
has not been adequately treated, or history of spirochete infection of the central nervous system (example,
syphilis, Lyme, or borreliosis)~19. Any other clinically significant abnormalities in physical examination,
vital signs, laboratory tests, or ECG at Screening or Baseline which in the opinion of the investigator require
further investigation or treatment or which may interfere with study procedures or safety~20. Malignant
neoplasms within 3 years of Screening (except for basal or squamous cell carcinoma in situ of the skin, or
localized prostate cancer in male participant, or localized breast cancer in female participants)~21. Answers
yes to Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) suicidal ideation Type 4 or 5, or any suicidal behavior
assessment within 6 months before Screening, at Screening, or at the Baseline Visit, or has been hospitalized
or treated for any suicidal behavior in lifetime~22. Known or suspected history of drug or alcohol abuse or
dependence within 2 years before Screening or a positive urine drug test at Screening~23. Any other medical
conditions (example, cardiac, respiratory, gastrointestinal, renal disease) which are not stably and adequately
controlled, or which in the opinion of the investigator could affect the participant's safety or interfere with
the study assessments~24. Concurrent participation in a clinical study involving any anti-amyloid therapies
(including any mAb therapies) within 6 months before Screening~25. Concurrent participation in a clinical study
involving any anti-tau therapies~26. Participated in any other investigational medication or device study in
the 3 months or 5 half-lives (whichever is longer) of the medication before Screening~27. Planned surgery which
requires general anesthesia that would take place during the study~28. Visual or hearing impairment that would
prevent the participant from performing psychometric tests accurately
