Exclusion Criteria:~Subjects will be excluded if they have any of the condition listed below:~1. Current
evidence or history within the last 3 years of a neurological or psychiatric illness that could contribute to
dementia, including (but not limited to) epilepsy, focal brain lesion, Parkinson's disease, seizure disorder,
head injury with loss of consciousness~2. DSM IV criteria for any major psychiatric disorder including
psychosis, major depression and bipolar disorder.~3. Unwilling or unable to undergo a Lumbar Puncture.~4. Known
history or self-reported alcohol or substance abuse.~5. Living alone.~6. Poorly controlled hypertension. 7
.History of myocardial infarction or signs or symptoms of unstable coronary artery disease within the last year
(including revascularization procedure/angioplasty).~8. Severe pulmonary disease (including chronic obstructive
pulmonary disease) requiring more than 2 hospitalizations within the past year.~9. Untreated sleep apnea. 10.
Any thyroid disease (unless euthyroid on treatment for at least 6 months prior to screening).~11. Active
neoplastic disease (except for skin tumors other than melanoma) within five years.~12. History of multiple
myeloma. 13. Absolute neutropenia of <750/mm3, or a history of neutropenia. 14. History of or current
thromboembolism (including deep venous thrombosis). 15. Any clinically significant hepatic or renal disease
(including presence of Hepatitis B or C antigen/antibody or an elevated transaminase levels of greater than two
times the upper limit of normal (ULN) or creatinine greater than 1.5 x ULN).~16. Clinically significant
hematologic or coagulation disorder including any unexplained anemia or a platelet count less than 100,000/Î¼L
at screening.~17. Use of any investigational drug within 30 days or within five half-lives of the
investigational agent, whichever is longer.~18. Use any investigational medical device within two weeks before
screening or after end of the present study.~19. Females who are at risk of pregnancy or are of child bearing
age. 20. Unwilling or unable to undergo MRI and PET imaging. 21. Cardiac pacemaker or defibrillator or other
implanted device. 22. In the opinion of the investigator, participation would not be in the best interest of
the subject
