Exclusion Criteria~Study participants meeting any of the following criteria during screening evaluations will
be excluded from entry into the study:~1. Women who are pregnant, breastfeeding, or planning to become pregnant
during the trial~2. Any unstable clinically significant medical condition other than ALS or AD (e.g., within
six months of baseline, including but not limited to myocardial infarction, angina pectoris, congestive heart
failure, or neoplasm undergoing active treatment).~3. Active cancer or history of cancer, except for the
following: basal cell carcinoma, cervical carcinoma in situ, prostatic carcinoma in situ, or other malignancies
curatively treated and with no evidence of disease recurrence for at least 5 years. Active cancer includes
cancers with current disease manifestations or therapy that could adversely affect participant safety and
longevity, create the potential for drug-drug interactions, or compromise the interpretation of study
results.~4. History of diverticulitis or bowel perforation.~5. Active ulcerative colitis, Crohn's disease, and
history of peptic ulcer disease within the past 5 years or after the age of 65.~6. Active, serious infection,
including localized infection in the opinion of the investigator.~7. Positive for latent or active tuberculosis
(TB). Note: Patients with a history of latent or active TB must have had an adequate course of treatment
documented prior to study participation.~8. Evidence of active hepatitis B or C infection.~9. History of severe
hepatic or renal impairment.~10. eGFR < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2~11. Have any of the following specific abnormalities
on screening laboratory tests:~ * ALT or AST >2.5x upper limits of normal (ULN)~ * Alkaline phosphatase (ALP)
≥2x ULN~ * Total bilirubin ≥1.5x ULN, Note: patients with elevated bilirubin secondary to Gilbert's disease are
eligible to participate in the study.~ * Hemoglobin <10 g/dL (100.0 g/L)~ * Total white blood cell count <3000
cells/Î¼L (<3.00 x 103/Î¼L or <3.00 billion/L)~ * Neutropenia (absolute neutrophil count \[ANC\] <1500
cells/Î¼L) (<1.50 x 103/Î¼L or <1.50 billion/L)~ * Lymphopenia (lymphocyte count <1000 cells/Î¼L) (<1.00 x
103/Î¼L or <1.00 billion/L)~ * Thrombocytopenia (platelets <100,000 cells/Î¼L) (<100 x 103/Î¼L or <100
billion/L)~ * Laboratory abnormalities in vitamin B12, thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH), or other common
laboratory parameters that might contribute to cognitive dysfunction~12. Personal history of pulmonary embolus
(provoked or unprovoked) or deep vein thrombosis, or a history of unprovoked pulmonary embolus in a
first-degree family member.~13. Treatment with anticoagulants that, in the opinion of the investigator, would
compromise the safety of the participant.~14. Previous therapy with baricitinib.~15. Current use of strong
Organic Anion Transporter 3(OAT3) inhibitors (e.g., probenecid) or other prohibited medication (refer to
Section 6.7.1) within 5.5 half-lives or 30 days of screening, whichever is longer.~ * For participants with AD:
Current use of Aducanumab or within 30 days of screening.~16. Receiving other experimental interventions for AD
or ALS within 5.5 half-lives or 30 days of screening, whichever is longer.~17. Use of permanent assisted
ventilation (invasive ventilation via tracheostomy, or >22 hours of non-invasive ventilation per day, e.g., via
BiPAP).~18. Have had any major surgery within 8 weeks prior to screening or will require major surgery during
the study that, in the opinion of the investigator, would pose an unacceptable risk to the patient. Note:
Placement of a gastrostomy tube and an intravenous port are not considered major surgery.
