Exclusion Criteria:~* Significant central nervous system disorder other than Alzheimer's disease~* Patients in
whom baseline MRI is contraindicated such as metal implants in head (except dental), pacemaker, and cochlear
implant~* Significant focal or intracranial pathology that would lead to a diagnosis other than probable
Alzheimer's disease~* Clinical evidence or history of stroke, transient ischemic attack, significant head
injury or other unexplained or recurrent loss of consciousness~* Epilepsy~* Major depressive disorder,
schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders, bipolar disorder, substance (including alcohol) related disorders~*
Resides in a hospital or continuous care facility~* History of swallowing difficulties~* Pregnant or
breastfeeding~* History of significant hematological abnormality or current acute or chronic clinically
significant abnormality~* Abnormal serum chemistry laboratory value at Screening deemed to be clinically
relevant by the investigator~* Clinically significant cardiovascular disease or abnormal assessments~*
Pre-existing or current signs or symptoms of respiratory failure~* Concurrent acute or chronic clinically
significant immunologic, renal, hepatic, or endocrine disease (not adequately treated) and/or other unstable or
major disease other than Alzheimer's disease~* Prior intolerance to methylthioninium-containing drug or any of
the excipients~* Treatment currently or within 3 months before Baseline with any of the following medications
(unless otherwise noted):~ * Tacrine~ * Anxiolytics and/or sedatives/hypnotics (exceptions: sedation for MRI or
occasional short-acting benzodiazepines, chloral hydrate, or zolpidem as needed at bedtime)~ * Antipsychotics
(clozapine, chlorpromazine, thioridazine, or ziprasidone)~ * Carbamazepine~ * Drugs associated with
methaemoglobinaemia (e.g., dapsone, local anesthetics such as benzocaine used chronically, primaquine and
related antimalarials, sulfonamides)~ * Warfarin (and other Coumadin derivates such as phenprocoumon)~* Current
or prior participation in a clinical trial of a drug, biologic, or device in which the last dose was received
within 28 days prior to Baseline
