Exclusion Criteria:~* 1) Patients with hypersensitivity to the investigational product or components contained
in the investigational product.~* 2) Patients with hypersensitivity to piperidine derivatives.~* 3) Patients
with possible, probable or definite vascular dementia according to the NINDS-AIREN criteria.~* 4) History
(cerebrovascular disease, structural or developmental malformations, epilepsy, contagious, degenerative, or
infectious/demyelinating CNS status) and/or evidence (CT or MRI results performed at screening or within 12
months) of other CNS diseases as the major cause of dementia.~* 5) Patients who are illiterate.~* 6) Patients
with severe hearing or visual disabilities so that efficacy assessment is impossible.~* 7) Abnormal test
results for vitamin B12, serologic testing for syphilis, or thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) that may have
contributed to or may be the cause of patient's dementia.~* 8) Patients with a history of significant
psychiatric disease such as schizophrenia or bipolar disorder that may interfere with participation in the
trial as viewed by the investigator, or patients with current major depression disorder (Short Form GDS ≥ 7)
(However, patients who depressed due to Alzheimer's disease can participate in this trial by the
investigator).~* 9) Patients with genetic disorders such as galactose intolerance, Lapp lactase deficiency, or
glucose-galactose malabsorption.~* 10) Patients with a history of known or suspected seizure including febrile
seizure, or recent history of loss of consciousness or a history of significant head trauma with loss of
consciousness.~* 11) Patients with gastrointestinal, endocrinological, or cardiovascular disorders that is not
controlled by diet or drugs.~* 12) Patients with cardiac diseases such as myocardial infarction, valvular heart
disease, or arrhythmia within 3 months prior to screening.~* 13) Patients with asthma or obstructive pulmonary
diseases that is not controlled by drugs.~* 14) Patients with extrapyramidal disorders (Parkinson's disease,
Parkinsonism, etc).~* 15) Patients with dementia due to Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, Pick's disease, or
Huntington's disease.~* 16) Patients with uncontrolled diabetes (HbA1c > 8.0%) or insulin dependent diabetes.~*
17) Patients with a history of alcohol or other substance abuse.~* 18) Patients with hypertension with systolic
pressure over 165mmHg or diastolic pressure over 96mmHg.~* 19) Patients with severe renal dysfunction (Serum
creatinine over 2.0ãŽŽ/dl).~* 20) Patients with severe liver dysfunction (ALT, AST, total bilirubin more than
2.5-fold the upper normal limit).~* 21) Patient who has been administered drugs that Dementia drugs(Donepezil,
Galantamine, Memantine, Rivastigmine tartrate) within 3 months prior to screening (However, patients who have
been administered donepezil 5mg stably for over 3 months are excluded).~* 22) Patient who has required to take
restricted drugs other than investigational products during the clinical trial period.~* 23) patient who has
unabled to take concomitant drugs during the clinical trial period under the following conditions : It was
taken without dose change 2 months before randomization, and was taken without dose change during the clinical
trial period (except for drugs allowed to be taken as needed).~* 24) Patients with a history of clinically
significant drug hypersensitivity reaction.~* 25) Patients who have been administered investigational products
from another clinical trial within 3 months prior to participation in this trial.~* 26) Patients who are deemed
unfit to participate in this trial by the investigator.
