Exclusion Criteria:~* Having other causes of dementia.~* Having substantial concomitant cerebrovascular disease
(defined by a history of a stroke~ / intracranial hemorrhage temporally related to the onset of worsening of
cognitive impairment) per investigator judgement.~* Medical history of cancer (except for basal cell carcinoma)
and/or treatment for cancer within the last 5 years.~* Medical history or diagnosis of any of the following
symptomatic and unstable / uncontrolled conditions per investigator's judgement:~ * Uncontrolled cardiovascular
illnesses such as chronic congestive heart failure (with or without edema), tachycardia, arrhythmias,
uncontrolled hypertension.~ * Significant ischemic heart disease, myocardial infarction within the last two
years and/or with residual angina, orthopnea, conduction defects (ECG), or any other clinical significant heart
disease classified as New York Heart Association (NYHA) III or IV.~ * Significant gastrointestinal disorders
(for example gastrointestinal bleeding within the last two years, malabsorption syndromes, post-gastrectomy, or
active peptic ulcer disease).~ * Uncontrolled endocrine disease such as uncontrolled diabetes mellitus or
hyperthyroidism.~ * Unstable/Uncontrolled major depression.~ * Has neurological disease (other than dementia of
Alzheimer's type, such as: Lewy body dementia - primary diagnosis, Huntington's disease, Parkinson's Disease,
encephalitis, epilepsy, vascular or multiinfarct dementia, stroke, congenital mental deficiency, multiple
sclerosis).~ * Significant pulmonary disease predisposing to hypoxia.~ * Has major physical illnesses (e.g.
brain tumor, craniocerebral trauma, thyroid disease)~* Any other psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia,
or mental retardation.~* Any suicidal actions in the past 2 years (per investigator judgement i.e. actual
attempt, interrupted attempt, aborted attempt, or preparatory acts or behavior).~* Hachinski Ischemic Score >
4~* Significant history of drug dependence or abuse (including alcohol, as defined in Diagnostic and
Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders \[DSM-V\] or in the opinion of the investigator)~* Clinically
significant uncompensated hearing loss in the judgment of the investigator. Use of hearing aids is allowed.~*
Has other condition(s) that in the opinions of investigators to be ineligible to participate in this study,
e.g. Subject who cannot swallow the capsule whole.
