Exclusion Criteria:~* Any evidence of an underlying neurological or neurodegenerative condition that may lead
to cognitive impairment other than AD.~* Clinical diagnosis of mild cognitive impairment (MCI), prodromal AD,
or any form of dementia.~* History or presence of intracranial or intracerebral vascular malformations,
aneurysm, subarachnoid hemorrhage, or intracerebral macrohemorrhage.~* History or presence of posterior
reversible encephalopathy syndrome.~* History of ischemic stroke with clinical symptoms or an acute event that
is consistent with a transient ischemic attack within 12 months of screening.~* History of severe, clinically
significant (i.e., resulting in persistent neurologic deficit or structural brain damage) central nervous
system (CNS) trauma (e.g., cerebral contusion).~* History or presence of intracranial mass lesion (e.g.,
glioma, meningioma) that could potentially impair cognition or lead to progressive neurological deficits.~*
Infections that may affect brain function or a history of infections that resulted in neurologic sequelae
\[e.g., human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), syphilis, neuroborreliosis, and viral or bacterial meningitis and
encephalitis\].~* History of major depression, schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, or bipolar disorder.~*
At risk for suicide.~* History of alcohol and/or substance abuse or dependence.~* History or presence of
clinically significant systemic vascular disease, atrial fibrillation or heart failure.~* Within the last year,
experienced unstable or clinically significant cardiovascular disease (e.g., myocardial infarction).~*
Uncontrolled hypertension.~* Chronic kidney disease, indicated by creatinine clearance <30 mL/min.~* Confirmed
and unexplained impaired hepatic function.~* History of, or are known to currently have an HIV infection, or
hepatitis B or hepatitis C virus infection that has not been adequately treated.~* History or presence of
systemic autoimmune disorders that may lead to progressive neurological impairment with associated cognitive
deficits.~* Systemic immunosuppression or immunomodulation due to the continuing effects of immunosuppressant
or immunomodulating medications.~* Current COVID-19 infection.~* Evidence of folic acid or vitamin B-12
deficiency.~* Any passive immunotherapy (Ig) or other long-acting biologic agent to prevent or postpone
cognitive decline within 1 year of screening.~* Any other investigational treatment within 5 half-lives or 6
months (whichever is longer) prior to screening.~* Typical/Atypical anti-psychotic medications or neuroleptic
medications.~* Anticoagulation medications within 3 months of screening with no plans to initiate any prior to
randomization.~* Any previous treatment with cholinesterase inhibitors and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor
antagonists are exclusionary at screening.~* Pregnant or breastfeeding, or intending to become pregnant during
the study or within 17 weeks after the final dose of gantenerumab.~* Impaired coagulation.~* Known history of
severe allergic, anaphylactic, or other hypersensitivity reactions to chimeric, human, or humanized antibodies
or fusion proteins, including gantenerumab and gantenerumab excipients.~* Participants who reside in a skilled
nursing facility such as a convalescent home or long-term care facility.~* Participants who require residence
in such facilities during the study may continue in the study and be followed for efficacy and safety, provided
that they have a study partner who meets the study partner requirements.
