EXCLUSION CRITERIA:~1. Anything that in the opinion of the Investigator would preclude participation in a
2-year study.~2. BMI < 18.5~3. Positive urine drug screen.~4. Positive HIV, HCV or HbsAg screen.~5. Suicidality
on C-SSRS~6. Exposure to an experimental drug other than simufilam, experimental biologic or experimental
medical device within 3 months before screening~7. A medical condition that would interfere with a lumbar
puncture~8. Residence in a skilled nursing facility and requiring 24 h care.~9. Clinically significant
laboratory test results~10. Clinically significant untreated hypothyroidism (if treated, thyroid-stimulating
hormone level and thyroid supplementation dose must be stable for at least 6 months before screening)~11.
Insufficiently controlled diabetes mellitus, including requiring insulin or metformin >1000 mg/day.~12. Renal
insufficiency (serum creatinine > ULN and clinically significant in the opinion of PI and/or Sponsor OR eGFR
<60 ml/min/m2 as estimated by either the MDRD or CKD-EPI equation)~13. Malignant tumor within 3 years before
screening (except squamous and basal cell carcinoma or cervical carcinoma in situ or localized prostate cancer
or localized stage 1 bladder cancer)~14. History of ischemic colitis or ischemic enterocolitis~15. Unstable
medical condition that is clinically significant in the judgment of the investigator~16. Alanine transaminase
(ALT) or aspartate transaminase (AST) > ULN or total bilirubin > ULN and clinically significant in the opinion
of PI and/or Sponsor.~17. History of myocardial infarction or unstable angina within 6 months before
screening~18. History of more than 1 myocardial infarction within 5 years before screening~19. Clinically
significant cardiac arrhythmia (including atrial fibrillation), cardiomyopathy, or cardiac conduction defect
(patients with a pacemaker are acceptable)~20. Symptomatic hypotension, or uncontrolled hypertension~21.
Clinically significant abnormality on screening electrocardiogram (ECG), including but not necessarily limited
to a confirmed QTc (Fridericia correction method) value ≥ 450 msec for males or ≥ 470 msec for females.~22.
Stroke within 18 months before screening, or history of a stroke concomitant with onset of dementia~23. History
of brain tumor or other clinically significant space-occupying lesion on CT or MRI~24. Head trauma with
clinically significant loss of consciousness within 12 months before screening or concurrent with the onset of
dementia~25. Onset of dementia secondary to cardiac arrest, surgery with general anesthesia, or
resuscitation~26. Specific degenerative CNS disease diagnosis other than AD (e.g., Huntington's disease,
Creutzfeld-Jacob disease, Down's syndrome, Frontotemporal Dementia, Parkinson's disease)~27. Wernicke's
encephalopathy~28. Active acute or chronic CNS infection~29. Donepezil 23 mg or greater QD currently or within
3 months prior to randomization~30. Discontinued AChEI < 30 days prior to randomization~31. Antipsychotics; low
doses are allowed only if given for sleep disturbances, agitation and/or aggression, and only if the subject
has received a stable dose for at least 3 months before randomization~32. Tricyclic antidepressants and
monoamine oxidase inhibitors; all other antidepressants are allowed only if the subject has received a stable
dose for at least 3 months before randomization~33. Anxiolytics or sedative-hypnotics, including barbiturates
(unless given in low doses for benign tremor); low doses of benzodiazepines and zolpidem are allowed only if
given for insomnia/sleep disturbance, and only if the subject has received a stable dose for at least 3 months
before randomization~34. Immunosuppressants, including systemic corticosteroids, if taken in clinically
immunosuppressive doses (Steroid use for allergy or other inflammation is permitted.)~35. Antiepileptic
medications if taken for control of seizures~36. Chronic intake of opioid-containing analgesics~37. Sedating H1
antihistamines~38. Nicotine therapy (all dosage forms including a patch), varenicline (Chantix), or similar
therapeutic agent within 30 days before screening~39. Clinically significant illness within 30 days of
enrollment~40. History of significant neurological, hepatic, renal, endocrine, cardiovascular,
gastrointestinal, pulmonary, or metabolic disease~41. Loss of a significant volume of blood (> 450 mL) within 4
weeks prior to the study~42. COVID-19 infection within 3 months
