Exclusion Criteria:~* Participants will be excluded from the study if any of the following conditions apply:~
1. Hospitalization or change of chronic concomitant medication within one month prior to screening.~ 2.
Patients living in a continuous care nursing facility~ 3. Screening MRI of the brain indicative of significant
abnormality, including, but not limited to, prior hemorrhage or infarct > 1 cm3, >3 lacunar infarcts, cerebral
contusion, encephalomalacia, aneurysm, vascular malformation, subdural hematoma, hydrocephalus, space-occupying
lesion (e.g. abscess or brain tumor such as meningioma).~ 4. MRI incompatible implants and other
contraindications for MRI, such as pacemaker, artificial joints, non-removable body piercings, etc.
Additionally, participants who meet the following imaging exclusion criteria will not be included in this
study:~ 1. Claustrophobia that will result in significant anxiety and difficulty lying still for brain imaging
(MRI or PET).~ 2. Participation in other research studies involving ionizing radiation within one year of the
PET scans that would cause the participant to exceed the yearly dose limits for healthy volunteers.~ 3. History
of IV drug use that would prevent venous access for PET tracer injection.~ 4. Severe motor problems that
prevent the participant from lying still for brain imaging.~ 5. Severe chronic pain (e.g., as the result of
rheumatoid arthritis) that would prevent them from lying still during brain imaging.~ 5. Clinical or laboratory
findings consistent with:~ 1. Other primary degenerative dementia, (dementia with Lewy bodies, fronto-temporal
dementia, Huntington's disease, Jacob-Creutzfeld Disease, Down's syndrome, etc.)~ 2. Other neurodegenerative
condition (Parkinson's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, etc.)~ 3. Seizure disorder~ 4. Other infectious,
metabolic or systemic diseases affecting the central nervous system (syphilis, present hypothyroidism, present
vitamin B12 or folate deficiency, other laboratory values) etc.)~ 6. A current DSM-V diagnosis of active major
depression, schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. Patients with depressive symptoms successfully managed by a
stable dose of an antidepressant are allowed entry.~ 7. Clinically significant, advanced or unstable disease
that may interfere with outcome evaluations, such as:~ 1. Chronic liver disease, liver function test
abnormalities or other signs of hepatic insufficiency (ALT, AST, total bilirubin > 1.5 x ULN)~ 2. Respiratory
insufficiency~ 3. Renal insufficiency eGFR < 45 mL/min based on the CKD-EPI formula
(https://www.questdiagnostics.com/home/physicians/egfr-calculator)Heart disease (myocardial infarction,
unstable angina, heart failure, cardiomyopathy within six months before screening)~ 4. Bradycardia (<45/min.)
or tachycardia (>100/min.)~ 5. Poorly managed hypertension (systolic >160 mm Hg and/or diastolic >95 mm Hg) or
hypotension (systolic <90 mm Hg and/or diastolic <60 mm Hg)~ 6. Uncontrolled diabetes defined by HbA1c >8~ 8.
History of cancer within 3 years of screening with the exception of fully excised non-melanoma skin cancers or
non-metastatic prostate cancer that has been stable for at least 6 months.~ 9. Seropositive for human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV).~ 10. History of acute/chronic hepatitis B or C and/or carriers of hepatitis B
(seropositive for Hepatitis B surface antigen \[HbsAg\] or anti-Hepatitis C \[HCV\] antibody).~ 11. Clinically
significant abnormalities in screening laboratory tests, including:~ 1. hematocrit less than 33% for males and
less than 30% for females~ 2. absolute neutrophil cell count of 1200/uL (with the exception of a documented
history of a chronic benign neutropenia), or platelet cell count of < 120,000/uL~ 3. INR >1.4 or other
coagulopathy, confirmed by repeat.~ 12. Disability that may prevent the patient from completing all study
requirements (e.g. blindness, deafness, severe language difficulty, etc.)~ 13. Women who are fertile and of
childbearing potential.~ 14. Within 4 weeks of screening visit or during the course of the study, concurrent
treatment with antipsychotic agents (except risperidone ≤1.5 mg/day, quetiapine ≤100 mg/day, olanzapine ≤5
mg/day, and aripiprazole ≤10 mg/day), antiepileptics (except gabapentin and pregabalin for nonseizure
indications), centrally active anti-hypertensive drugs (e.g., clonidine, l-methyl dopa, guanidine, guanfacine,
etc.), opiate analgesics, systemic corticosteroids, psychostimulants, antiparkinsonian medications (except for
non-parkinsonian indications) and mood stabilizers (e.g., valproate, lithium), sedatives and anxiolytics with
the exception that use of short- to medium-acting benzodiazepines for treatment of insomnia is permitted,
however, use of sedatives or hypnotics should be avoided for 8 hours before administration of cognitive tests.~
15. Any disorder that could interfere with the absorption, distribution, metabolism or excretion of drugs (e.g.
small bowel disease, Crohn's disease, celiac disease, or liver disease.)~ 16. Nootropic drugs except stable AD
meds (acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and memantine~ 17. Suspected or known drug or alcohol abuse, i.e. more
than approximately 60 g alcohol (approximately 1 liter of beer or 0.5 liter of wine) per day indicated by
elevated MCV significantly above normal value at screening.~ 18. Suspected or known allergy to any components
of the study treatments.~ 19. Enrollment in another investigational study or intake of investigational drug
within the previous 30 days or five half-lives of the investigational drug, whichever is longer.~ 20. Previous
exposure to anti AÎ² vaccines~ 21. Exposure to passive immunotherapies for AD (e.g. monoclonal antibodies) or
BACE inhibitors within the previous 180 days.~ 22. Contraindication to undergoing an LP including, but not
limited to: inability to tolerate an appropriately flexed position for the time necessary to perform an LP;
international normalized ratio (INR) > 1.4 or other coagulopathy; platelet count of < 120,000/Î¼L; infection at
the desired lumbar puncture site; taking anti-coagulant medication within 90 days of screening (Note: low dose
aspirin is permitted); degenerative arthritis of the lumbar spine; suspected non-communicating hydrocephalus or
intracranial mass; prior history of spinal mass or trauma.~ 23. Use of NSAIDs more than 2 days in within any
7-day period. Each incidence of use must be recorded in the source and CRF.~ 24. Any condition, which in the
opinion of the investigator or the sponsor makes the patient unsuitable for inclusion.
