Exclusion Criteria for Placebo-controlled Period:~* Known allergy to BIIB080 or a history of hypersensitivity
to any of the inactive ingredients in the drug product.~* Previous participation in this study or previous
studies with BIIB080.~* Use of non-disease-modifying AD medications (including but not limited to donepezil,
rivastigmine, galantamine, tacrine, and memantine) at doses that have not been stable for at least 8 weeks
prior to Screening Visit 1 and during the screening period up to Day 1.~* Use of any commercially available
disease-modifying AD medications such as anti-amyloid monoclonal antibodies.~* Prior participation in any
active or passive immunotherapy study targeting AÎ², unless documentation of receipt of placebo is available.~*
Prior participation in any passive immunotherapy study targeting tau, unless the last administration occurred 6
months or 5 half-lives, whichever is sooner, prior to Screening or documentation of receipt of placebo is
available.~* Prior participation in any study involving an investigational treatment targeting tau that is not
a passive immunotherapy, unless documentation of receipt of placebo is available.~* Prior participation in a
study of any other agent(s) not included in exclusion criteria 5, 6, and 7 with a purported disease-modifying
effect in AD within 12 months, unless documentation of receipt of placebo is available.~* Prior participation
in a study of any gene therapy with a purported disease-modifying effect in AD, unless documentation of receipt
of placebo is available.~* Current use or previous use of medications with a purported disease-modifying effect
in AD, outside of investigational studies.~* Any vaccination given within 10 days prior to Day -1. Coronavirus
disease 2019 (COVID-19) vaccinations using RNA or deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) technology are allowed during the
study, as well as other types of immunization/vaccination/booster, except during the 10 days before and after
clinic visits.~* Contraindications to having a brain magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) \[e.g., MRI-incompatible
pacemaker; MRI-incompatible aneurysm clips, artificial heart valves, or other metal foreign body;
claustrophobia that cannot be medically managed\]. If the MRI compatibility of implanted devices is unknown,
the participant must be excluded from the study.~* Current enrollment or a plan to enroll in any interventional
clinical study in which an investigational treatment or approved therapy for investigational use is
administered within 52 weeks prior to the Baseline Visit.~Key Exclusion Criteria for LTE Period~* Any medical
or psychiatric contraindication or clinically significant abnormality that, in the opinion of the Investigator,
will substantially increase the risk associated with the participant's enrollment in and completion of the
study.~NOTE: Other protocol defined Inclusion/Exclusion criteria may apply.
