Exclusion Criteria:~* Significant central nervous system (CNS) disorder other than Alzheimer's disease~*
Significant focal or vascular intracranial pathology seen on brain MRI scan~* Clinical evidence or history of
stroke, transient ischemic attack, significant head injury or other unexplained or recurrent loss of
consciousness â‰¥15 minutes~* Epilepsy~* Major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, or other psychotic disorders,
bipolar disorder, or substance (including alcohol) related disorders~* Metal implants in the head (except
dental), pacemaker, cochlear implants, or any other non-removable items that are contraindications to MRI~*
Resides in hospital or moderate to high dependency continuous care facility~* History of swallowing
difficulties~* Pregnant or breastfeeding~* Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency~* History of
significant hematological abnormality or current acute or chronic clinically significant abnormality~* Abnormal
serum chemistry laboratory value at Screening deemed to be clinically relevant by the investigator~* Clinically
significant cardiovascular disease or abnormal assessments~* Preexisting or current signs or symptoms of
respiratory failure~* Concurrent acute or chronic clinically significant immunologic, hepatic, or endocrine
disease (not adequately treated) and/or other unstable or major disease other than Alzheimer's disease~*
Diagnosis of cancer within the past 2 years prior to Baseline (other than basal cell or squamous cell skin
cancer or Stage 1 prostate cancer) unless treatment has resulted in complete freedom from disease for at least
2 years~* Prior intolerance or hypersensitivity to methylthioninium-containing drug, similar organic dyes, or
any of the excipients~* Treatment currently or within 3 months before Baseline with any of the following
medications:~ * Tacrine~ * Clozapine, olanzapine (and there is no intent to initiate therapy during the course
of the study)~ * Carbamazepine, primidone~ * Drugs with a warning or precaution in the labeling about
methemoglobinemia at approved doses~* Current or prior participation in a clinical trial as follows:~ *
Clinical trial of a product for cognition within 3 months of Screening (unless confirmed to have been
randomized to placebo)~ * A clinical trial of a drug, biologic, therapeutic device, or medical food in which
the last dose/administration was received within 28 days prior to Baseline
