Exclusion Criteria:~Exceptions to these criteria may be considered on a case-by-case basis at the discretion of
the Project Director:~* Non-AD dementia.~* Females of child-bearing potential.~* Residence in a long-term care
facility or equivalent at Baseline.~* Presence or previous history of agitation or psychosis requiring active
psychotropic medication since the illness began.~* History of clinically significant stroke.~* Current evidence
or history in past two years of: focal brain lesion, head injury with loss of consciousness or Diagnostic and
Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition (DSM-IV) criteria for any major psychiatric disorder
including psychosis, major depression, bipolar disorder, alcohol or substance abuse.~* Sensory impairment that
would prevent subject from participating in or cooperating with the protocol.~* Medical contraindications to
study participation.~* Use of another investigational agent within two months prior to Screening.~* Evidence of
any significant clinical disorder or laboratory finding that renders the subject unsuitable for receiving an
investigational new drug including clinically significant or unstable hematologic, hepatic, cardiovascular,
pulmonary, gastrointestinal, endocrine, metabolic, renal, or other systemic disease or laboratory
abnormality.~* Clinical contraindication to the use of valproate (e.g., known hypersensitivity or allergic
reactions, severe neutropenia, severe hepatic disease, or urea cycle disorder. A urea cycle disorder should be
considered in patients with history of unexplained encephalopathy following protein meals, or family history of
urea cycle disorder).~* History of seizure within past 5 years prior to Screening.~* Platelet count <
100,000/mm\^3.~* International Normalized Ratio (INR) > 1.2 or partial thromboplastin time (PTT) > 40
seconds.~* Active neoplastic disease. Exceptions: skin tumors other than melanoma are not excluded; patients
with stable prostate cancer may be included at the discretion of the Project Director; women who have been
treated for breast cancer and have no metastases and whose survival is expected to exceed 2 years may be
considered for inclusion on a case-by-case basis in consultation with the Project Director; patients with
purely localized bladder wall cancers may be included at the discretion of the Project Director.~Excluded
Medications:~* Use of psychotropics for treatment of agitation or psychosis. Antidepressants used in stable
doses for 3 months prior to Screening to treat depression or anxiety, but not agitation, will be permitted. Low
dose sedatives for sleep, but not agitation, will be permitted. Cholinesterase inhibitors used in stable doses
for at least 3 months prior to Screening are permitted.~* Regular use of narcotic analgesics within 3 months of
Screening.~* Anti-parkinsonian medications (e.g. levodopa, selegiline, pergolide, bromocriptine, pramipexole)
within 2 months of Screening.~* Use of drugs with significant central anticholinergic or antihistaminic effects
(eg, benztropine, trihexyphenidyl, dicyclomine, diphenhydramine, cyproheptadine, diphenoxylate, hydroxyzine,
meclizine, prochlorperazine, promethazine) within 2 months of Screening.~* Use of other investigational drug
studies within two months prior to Screening.~* Use of other anticonvulsants within 5 years prior to
Screening.~* Use of zidovudine at any time.~* Use of tricyclic antidepressants within 1 month prior to
Screening.~* Regular use of high doses of salicylates at Screening (> 1,300 mg/d).~* Vitamin E > 2,100 IU/d
within 1 month prior to Screening.~* Warfarin use is permitted when approved by the Project Director and INR
and PTT criteria are met.
