Exclusion Criteria:~* If a patient developed, during the trial GAL-INT-8, symptoms of other neurological or
psychiatric diseases that might contribute to dementia, the subject cannot be enrolled. This includes subjects
developing neurodegenerative disorders such as Parkinson's disease, Pick's disease or Huntington's chorea, or
Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease, and subjects with cognitive impairment resulting from stroke, acute cerebral trauma,
hypoxic cerebral damage, infection or primary or metastatic cerebral neoplasia~* Subjects with the following
co-existing medical conditions: a) Any history of epilepsy or convulsions except for febrile convulsions during
childhood b) Peptic ulcer: if the ulcer is considered to be still active, i.e., if treatment for this condition
started <3 months ago or if treatment is not successful (symptoms still present), the subject is not eligible.
c) Clinically significant hepatic, renal, pulmonary, metabolic or endocrine disturbances~* Patients with
current, clinically significant cardiovascular disease that would be expected to limit the subject's ability to
complete a 12-month trial. The following would usually be considered clinically significant cardiovascular
disease: a) Unstable angina~* angina or coronary artery disease that required a change in medication
(anti-angina or digitalis) within the last 3 months b) Decompensated congestive heart failure i.e. when
symptoms occur in a subject on stable medication during rest or light exercise (NYHA III and IV). Note: if the
only signs of decompensation are pretibial or malleolar oedema and the exercise tolerance is still reasonable
(absence of dyspnoea) the subject should not be excluded c) Cardiac disease potentially resulting in syncope,
near syncope or other alterations of mental status~* In addition, the following conditions should lead to
exclusion: atrial fibrillation without prophylactic treatment to prevent thromboembolic stroke, bradycardia <50
beats/min., atrioventricular block > first degree. d) Severe mitral or aortic valvular disease e) Hypotension
or treatment for hypotension f) Systolic blood pressure greater than 170 mmHg or diastolic blood pressure
greater than 110 mmHg~* Patients using any agent for the treatment of dementia (approved, experimental,
including over the counter agents), including, but not limited to nootropic agents, cholinomimetic agents,
choline, oestrogens taken without medical need, chronic NSAIDs (30 consecutive days), vitamin E more than 30 IU
daily, and deprenyl~* Conditions that could interfere with the absorption of the compound or with the
evaluation of the disease
