Exclusion Criteria:~1. Serious, active bacterial, fungal or viral infection, active or latent tuberculosis~2.
History of severe pulmonary dysfunction~3. Severe cardiac dysfunction defined as left ventricular ejection
fraction <40% if an echocardiogram is medically indicated to clarify ongoing symptoms or EKG findings.; a
history of non-controlled cardiac arrhythmias; history of cardiac tamponade; Unstable angina or MI in the last
3 months~4. Hypersensitivity or allergy to IL-2~5. History of bowel ischemia/perforation, or GI bleeding
requiring surgery~6. Hospitalization or change of chronic concomitant medication within one month prior to
screening.~7. History of hemorrhage or infarct or > 3 lacunar infarcts, cerebral contusion, encephalomalacia,
aneurysm, vascular malformation, subdural hematoma, hydrocephalus, space-occupying lesion (e.g. abscess or
brain tumor with the exception of small incidental meningiomas) in prior CT or MRI.~8. Clinical or laboratory
findings consistent with:~ 1. Other primary degenerative dementia, (dementia with Lewy bodies, fronto-temporal
dementia, Huntington's disease, Jacob-Creutzfeld Disease, Down's syndrome, etc.)~ 2. Other neurodegenerative
condition (Parkinson's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, etc.)~ 3. Seizure disorder~ 4. History of
infectious, metabolic or systemic diseases affecting the central nervous system (syphilis, vitamin B12 or
folate deficiency, other laboratory values, etc.)~ 5. Clinically significant abnormal T4 or TSH~9. A current
DSM-V diagnosis of active major depression, schizophrenia or bipolar disorder. Patients with depressive
symptoms successfully managed by a stable dose of an antidepressant are allowed entry.~10. Clinically
significant, advanced or unstable disease that may interfere with outcome evaluations, such as:~ 1. Respiratory
insufficiency~ 2. Bradycardia (<45/min.) or tachycardia (>100/min.)~ 3. Poorly managed hypertension (systolic
>160 mm Hg and/or diastolic >95 mm Hg) or hypotension (systolic <90 mm Hg and/or diastolic <60 mm Hg)~ 4.
Uncontrolled diabetes defined by HbA1c >8%~11. History of cancer within 3 years of screening with the exception
of fully excised non-melanoma skin cancers or non-metastatic prostate cancer that has been stable for at least
6 months.~12. History of acute/chronic hepatitis B or C and/or carriers of hepatitis B~13. Disability that may
prevent the patient from completing all study requirements (e.g. blindness, deafness, severe language
difficulty, etc.).~14. Within 4 weeks of screening visit or during the course of the study, concurrent
treatment with antipsychotic agents (except risperidone ≤1.5 mg/day, quetiapine ≤100 mg/day, olanzapine ≤5
mg/day, and aripiprazole ≤10 mg/day), antiepileptics (except lamotrigine, gabapentin and pregabalin for
nonseizure indications), centrally active anti-hypertensive drugs (e.g., clonidine, l-methyl dopa, guanidine,
guanfacine, etc.), opiate analgesics, systemic corticosteroids, psychostimulants, antiparkinsonian medications
(except for non-parkinsonian indications) and mood stabilizers (e.g., valproate, lithium), sedatives, and
anxiolytics with the exception that use of short- to medium-acting benzodiazepines for treatment of insomnia is
permitted, however, use of sedatives or hypnotics should be avoided for 8 hours before administration of
cognitive tests.~15. Nootropic drugs except stable AD meds (acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and memantine.~16.
Suspected or known drug or alcohol abuse, i.e. more than approximately 60 g alcohol (approximately 1 liter of
beer or 0.5 liter of wine) indicated by elevated MCV significantly above normal value at screening~17.
Suspected or known allergy to any components of the study treatments.~18. Intake of investigational drug within
the previous 30 days or five half-lives of the investigational drug, whichever is longer.~19. Exposure to
passive immunotherapies for AD (e.g. monoclonal antibodies) within the previous 180 days to dosing, and BACE
inhibitors within the previous 30 days to dosing.~20. Chronic steroid or interferon therapy~21.
Contraindication to undergoing an LP including, but not limited to: inability to tolerate an appropriately
flexed position for the time necessary to perform an LP; INR >1.4 or other coagulopathy; platelet count of
<100,000/Î¼L; infection at the desired lumbar puncture site; taking anti-coagulant medication within 90 days of
screening (Note: low dose aspirin is permitted); suspected non-communicating hydrocephalus or intracranial
mass; prior history of spinal mass or trauma.~22. Any condition, which in the opinion of the investigator makes
the patient unsuitable for inclusion.
