Exclusion Criteria:~1. Women of child bearing potential.~2. History or presence of a seizure disorder.~3.
Current unstable peptic ulcer disease, urinary or gastric retention; asthma or obstructive pulmonary
disease.~4. History or presence of bladder outflow obstruction, gastrointestinal obstructive disorder or
reduced GI motility, or narrow-angle glaucoma.~5. History or presence of gastrointestinal, hepatic, or renal
disease, or other condition known to interfere with the absorption, distribution, metabolism or excretion of
drugs.~6. Renal and hepatic dysfunction with:~ * Total Bilirubin: >1.5 x UNL~ * AST: >2.5 x UNL~ * ALT: >2.5 x
UNL~ * Serum Creatinine: >1.5 x UNL~ * Creatinine Clearance: <30 mL/min (calculated by Cockcroft and Gault
equation)~7. History or presence of myasthenia.~8. History or family history of Prolonged QT Syndrome.~9.
History of unexplained syncope or family history of unexplained syncope or sudden death.~10. Myocardial
infarction or hospitalization for congestive heart failure within 6 months.~11. ECG findings of:~ * Complete
Left Bundle Branch Block;~ * Ventricular pacing;~ * 2nd degree or 3rd degree AV block;~ * Atrial fibrillation
or atrial flutter;~ * HR <45 or >100;~ * PR >220 msec; or~ * QTcF >450 msec in male, >470 msec in female~12.
Known hypersensitivity to donepezil, solifenacin or related drugs.~13. History of drug significant allergy.~14.
History of substance abuse, known drug addiction, or positive test for drugs of abuse or alcohol.~15. Patients
treated with the following medications within 8 weeks of screening~ * AChEIs (other than donepezil),~ *
Peripherally acting anticholinergics (such as drugs for the treatment of overactive bladder disorder),~ *
Psychoactive medications (including antipsychotics, antidepressants, anxiolytics or sedative hypnotics) having
significant anticholinergic effects and/or believed to affect cognitive function.~ Other medications are
acceptable, at the investigators discretion, if dosage is held stable for at least 4 weeks prior to screening
and throughout the study.~16. Patients considered unlikely to co-operate in the study, and/or poor compliance
anticipated by the investigator.~17. Patients hospitalized within 4 weeks of screening.~18. Any other
clinically relevant acute or chronic diseases which could interfere with patients' safety during the trial, or
expose them to undue risk, or which could interfere with study objectives.~19. Patients who have participated
in another clinical trial with an investigational drug within previous 30 days.
