Exclusion Criteria:~1. Diagnosis of diabetes, including use of anti-diabetic medications, or fasting plasma
glucose >125 mg/dl or Hemoglobin A1c>6.4%.~2. Unable to participate in FDG-PET scanning, including:~ *
Inability to cooperate/claustrophobia (no sedation offered for this protocol).~ * Inability to lie still on the
scanner bed for 40 minutes.~ * Total radiation dose exposure to the subject in any given year exceeds the
limits of annual and total dose commitment of 50 mSv (5 REMs). The two FDG-PET scans will result in an
approximate exposure of 10 mSv (1 REM).~3. Diagnosis of significant neurological/psychiatric disease other than
AD, including, but not limited to, any of the following: vascular dementia according to NINDS-AIREN criteria,
space occupying cerebral lesion, Huntington's Disease, Parkinson's Disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, and
seizures.~4. History of heart failure (including CHF).~5. Previous cardiovascular event (myocardial infarct,
by-pass surgery, or PTCA) within the past 6 months prior to screening.~6. Inability to undergo a clinical
(1.5T) MRI of the brain without contrast and lack of a usable (less the 12 months prior to screening) MRI on
record. Contraindications to undergoing an MRI of the brain include, but are not limited to, pacemakers;
implantable cardioverter defibrillators; cochlear implants; cerebral aneurysm clips; implanted infusion pumps;
implanted nerve stimulators; metallic splinters in the eye; and, other magnetic, electronic or mechanical
implants or clinical findings that in the judgment of the investigator would pose a potential hazard in
combination with MRI.~7. ALT and/or AST levels that are twice the upper limit of normal; bilirubin levels that
exceed 2 mg/dL; serum creatinine >1.5 mg/dL in men or > 1.4 mg/dL in women.~8. Current or history of severe or
unstable disorder (medical or psychiatric) requiring treatment that may make the subject unlikely to complete
the study.~9. Malignancy (other than non-melanoma skin cancer) within the last 5 years.~10. Known history of
HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C.~11. Blood pressure greater than 160/100 mmHg. Subjects with elevated BP will
be allowed at the discretion of the principal investigator. Individuals with hypertension must have been
stabilized to the current treatment regimen for at least 6 weeks prior to screening and not need adjustments to
their treatment regimen during the entire study period.~12. Change in other medications to treat Alzheimer's
disease within 3 months prior to screening. Change in medication to treat other conditions within 6 weeks prior
to screening or during the study period.~13. Known or suspected intolerance or hypersensitivity to the study
drugs, closely related compounds, or any of their stated ingredients.~14. History of alcohol or drug abuse
within 6 months of screening.~15. Have participated in an investigational study or received an investigational
drug within 30 days or 5 half-lives (whichever is longer) prior to study drug administration.~16. Single
12-lead ECG demonstrating a QTcB >450 msec or other clinically significant finding at screening. A single
repeat ECG may be done at the investigator's discretion.~17. Any surgical or medical condition which may
significantly alter the absorption of any drug substance including, but not limited to, any of the following:
history of major gastrointestinal tract surgery, currently active inflammatory bowel syndrome.~18. Evidence of
clinically relevant pathology that in the investigator's opinion could interfere with the study results or put
the subject's safety at risk.
