Exclusion Criteria:~* Significant neurologic disease, other than AD, that may affect cognition.~* Atypical
clinical presentations of MCI due to AD or mild dementia due to AD, such as the visual variant of AD (including
posterior cortical atrophy) or the language variant (including logopenic aphasia).~* Concomitant disorders:~ *
Severe hepatic (Child-Pugh C) and/or kidney failure (creatinine clearance (estimated Glomerular Filtration Rate
- eGFR) ≤ 30 ml/min/1.73m2) and/or serum creatinine above 1.5 fold of Upper Limit Normal (ULN) and/or
Alanine-Amino Transferase (AST) or Asparagine-Amino Transferase (ALT) above 3 fold ULN at baseline.~ * History
of or screening visit brain MRI scan indicative of any other significant abnormality.~ * Current presence of a
clinically important major psychiatric disorder (e.g. major depressive disorder) as defined by DSM-5 criteria,
or symptom(s) (e.g. hallucinations) that could affect the subject's ability to complete the study.~ * . Current
clinically important systemic illness that is likely to result in clinically relevant deterioration of the
subject's condition or might affect the subject's safety during the study.~ * Other clinically important
diseases or conditions or abnormalities of vital signs, physical examination, neurologic examination,
laboratory results, or electrocardiogram (ECG) examination (e.g. atrial fibrillation) that could compromise the
study or the safety of the subject.~ * Clinically important infection within 30 days prior to screening e.g.
chronic persistent or acute infection, such as bronchitis or urinary tract infection.~ * Any known
hypersensitivity to any of the excipients contained in the test article formulation.~ * Severe hepatic failure
(Child-Pugh C) OR kidney failure (creatinine clearance (eGFR) ≤ 30 ml/min/1.73m2) OR serum creatinine above 1.5
fold of ULN OR AST or ALT above 3 fold of ULN at screening.Â´~* Concomitant Medication/Therapies:~The following
therapies are not permitted for the given intervals prior to baseline and until End-of-treatment (EOT):~* Use
of experimental medications for AD or any other investigational medications or devices for treatment of
indications other than AD within 60 days prior to baseline.~* Treatment with Souvenaid, except if the use of
Souvenaid was discontinued at least two months prior to baseline, or if the subject is on stable dose for at
least six months prior to baseline and is willing to continue the use of Souvenaid during the study on the same
dose and frequency.~* Concomitant treatment with St. John's Wort (a wash out phase of at least two weeks prior
to baseline is required).~* Any concomitant treatment which impairs cognitive function and cannot be washed out
at least four weeks prior to baseline.
