Exclusion Criteria:~* Subjects who are females who are pregnant, nursing, or of childbearing potential while
not practicing effective contraception~* Subjects who have signs of delirium~* Subjects who have had cortical
stroke within the preceding 2 years~* Subjects who have a prolonged QTc interval; >450 msec in male or >470
msec in female at screening~* Subjects who have diagnosis of severe white matter hyperintensity (WMH), which is
defined as ≥ 25mm of the deep white matter and ≥ 10mm of the periventricular capping/banding in lengths~*
Subjects who have diagnosis of dementia or cause of cognitive impairment other than Alzheimer's disease~*
Subjects who have a significant abnormal result in laboratory tests, in the opinion of the investigator~*
Subjects who have participated in any investigational drug, stem cell therapy, or device trial within the
previous 3 months at screening~* Subjects with any current psychiatric diagnosis other than AD if, in the
judgment of the investigator, the psychiatric disorder or symptom is likely to confound interpretation of drug
effect, affect cognitive assessments, or affect the subjectÂ´s ability to complete the study~* Subjects who are
known to have autosomal dominant mutation-associated presenile AD~* Subjects who show signs of AIDS (Acquired
Immunodeficiency Syndrome), HBV (Hepatitis B Virus), HCV (Hepatitis C), VDRL (Venereal Disease Research
Laboratory)~* Subjects who have any conditions that would contraindicate an MRI, such as the presence metallic
objects in the eyes, skin, or heart~* Subjects who have > 4 cerebral microhemorrhages (regardless of their
anatomical location or diagnostic characterization as possible or definite), a single area of superficial
siderosis, or evidence of a prior microhemorrhage as assessed by MRI~* Subjects who have history of malignant
cancer within the last 5 years (The following is a partial list of conditions that are permissible for study
entry: non-metastatic basal and/or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, in situ cervical, or non-progressive
prostate cancer)~* Subjects who have suspected active lung disease based on chest X-ray~* Subjects who are
hypersensitive to fetal bovine serum or penicillin~* Subjects who are currently using immunosuppressants,
cytotoxic drug, corticosteroids or similar steroidal anti-inflammatory medication (e.g., Prednisone) on a
regular basis (exceptions allowed include; regular use of steroidal nasal sprays, topical steroids, and
estrogen-replacement therapy)~* Subjects for whom the investigator judges the liposuction can cause any
problems~* Subjects who have history of local anesthetic allergy
