Exclusion Criteria:~* Has significant neurological or medical disease, other than AD, that may affect
cognition, for example, history or evidence of hydrocephalus, or uncontrolled hypo- or hyperthyroidism.~*
Current, clinically significant major psychiatric disorder (eg, major depressive disorder) according to the
Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th Edition (DSMIV), or symptoms (eg, hallucinations)
that could affect the subject's ability to complete the study.~* Geriatric depression scale score of more than
6 or has suicidal ideation.~* Current clinically significant chronic illness that is likely to result in
deterioration of the subject's condition or affect the subject's safety during the study, including
uncontrolled diabetes. Subjects with a history of diabetic ketoacidosis will also be excluded. Other cases of
diabetes will be decided at the discretion of the study physicians. Subjects with diabetes controlled with
exercise and diet may be screened and admission to study will depend on their screening safety laboratory
assessments.~* History of clinically evident stroke or history of clinically significant carotid or
vertebrobasilar stenosis or plaque and other risk factors for thromboembolic stroke (e.g atrial fibrillation,
clinically significant low ventricular output, atrial septal defect).~* History of seizures.~* Clinically
significant infection within the last 30 days (eg, chronic persistent or acute infection \[eg, upper
respiratory infection, urinary tract infection\]),prior to screening.~* Myocardial infarction within the last 2
years.~* Abnormal screening visit electrocardiogram (ECG), in the opinion of the investigator.~* Uncontrolled
hypertension within the last 6 months prior to screening.~* History of cancer within the last 3 years, with the
exception of nonmetastatic basal cell carcinoma and squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. (Note: cancer must be
in remission with no signs of progression.)~* Use of experimental or other investigational medications/devices
for treatment within 90 days prior to screening.~* Laboratory findings of fasting total cholesterol greater
than or equal to 240 mg/dL~* Laboratory findings of fasting triglycerides greater than or equal to 200 mg/dL~*
Laboratory findings of fasting glucose greater than or equal to 126 mg/dL~* Other clinically significant
abnormality on physical, neurological, laboratory, vital signs, or ECG examination (eg, changes consistent with
recent infarction, ischemia, clinically significant arrhythmias and clinically significant conduction defects)
that could be detrimental to the subject or compromise the study.~* Does not have adequate venous access that
would allow blood draws.~* Subject or study partner is related to study personnel.~* Subjects who have taken
coconut oil as a supplement within the last 30 days.~* Subjects who have taken Axonaâ„¢ within the last 30
days.~* Women who are pregnant. (Women who are of child bearing potential must take precautions to not become
pregnant during the study.)
