Exclusion Criteria:~Subjects may not be enrolled if:~1. Neurologic diseases: Any significant neurologic disease
other than AD that can lead to cognitive impairment, such as Parkinson's disease, vascular dementia, dementia
with Lewy bodies, frontotemporal dementia, Huntington's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, corticobasal
syndrome, brain tumor, seizure disorder, subdural hematoma (within the last 1 year), multiple sclerosis, or
history of significant head trauma (e.g. loss of consciousness for 30 minutes or more) followed by persistent
neurologic deficits or known structural brain abnormalities.~2. Neuroimaging: Baseline or prior magnetic
resonance imaging (MRI) scans with evidence of cortical stroke or hemorrhage, strategically located lacunar
stroke (ex: left thalamus), or severe small vessel ischemic disease.~3. History of alcohol or substance use
disorder or dependence (DSM V criteria) within the last 2 years.~4. Psychiatric disorder: Major depressive
disorder (within the last 1 year), bipolar disorder, schizophrenia (DSM V criteria), or current major psychotic
symptoms or behavioral problems that could interfere with study procedures.~5. Any significant systemic illness
or unstable medical condition, which could obfuscate cognitive aging or neurodegenerative trajectories or
affect valid cognitive and self-report measurements.~6. Excluded medications: Niacin or dietary supplements
containing nicotinamide mononucleotide (NMN) or nicotinamide riboside (NR); antipsychotic medications,
antidepressant medications with anticholinergic side effects. Washout from psychoactive medications for at
least 8 weeks before screening.~7. Current use of anticoagulants; significant back or spine disease that would
make a lumbar puncture difficult or unsafe as determined by a clinician.~8. Other laboratory abnormalities: Has
AST or ALT > 3 times the upper limit of normal; serum creatinine > 2.0 mg/d; HbA1C > 8.5%~9. Participation in
an investigational trial to evaluate pharmaceuticals or biologics within the past 3 months or 5 half-lives,
whichever is shorter~10. Other medical conditions which, in the opinion of the investigator, would jeopardize
safety or impact the validity of the study results.
