Exclusion Criteria:~* History of stroke~* Evidence of a neurological disorder other than the disease being
studied (i.e., probable AD)~* History of seizures or epilepsy within the last 5 years before Screening~*
Evidence of a clinically relevant or unstable psychiatric disorder, excluding major depression in remission~*
Participant is at imminent risk of self-harm or of harm to others~* History of alcoholism or drug
dependency/abuse within the last 5 years before Screening~* Participant does not have a magnetic resonance
imaging (MRI) scan obtained within 12 months of Screening and is unwilling or not eligible to undergo an MRI
scan at the Screening Visit. With Sponsor approval, a head computed tomography (CT) scan may be substituted for
MRI scan to evaluate eligibility~* History of hepatitis or liver disease that has been active within the six
months prior to Screening Visit~* Recent or ongoing, uncontrolled, clinically significant medical condition
within 3 months of the Screening Visit (e.g., diabetes, hypertension, thyroid or endocrine disease, congestive
heart failure, angina, cardiac or gastrointestinal disease, dialysis, or abnormal renal function) other than
the condition being studied such that participation in the trial would pose a significant medical risk to the
subject. Controlled co-morbid conditions are not exclusionary if stable within three months of the Screening
Visit~* History or current evidence of long QT syndrome, corrected QT (QTc) interval ≥470 milliseconds (for
male subjects) or ≥480 milliseconds (for female subjects), or torsades de pointes~* History of malignancy
occurring within the five years before Screening, except for adequately treated basal cell or squamous cell
skin cancer, in situ cervical cancer, or localized prostate carcinoma; or malignancy which has been treated
with potentially curative therapy with no evidence of recurrence for ≥3 year post-therapy~* Clinically
significant vitamin B12 or folate deficiency in the six months before Screening Visit~* Use of any
investigational drugs within 30 days (or longer depending on drug) before Screening or participation in studies
involving repeated cognitive testing within 30 days before Screening. Participation in an observational study,
such as those involving annual cognitive assessments and/or neuroimaging, may be allowed if approved by
Sponsor~* History of a hypersensitivity reaction to more than three drugs~* Has tested positive for human
immunodeficiency virus (HIV)~* Close family member (including the caregiver, the spouse or any children) who is
among the personnel of the investigational or sponsor staff directly involved with this trial~Additional
Exclusion Criteria for Safety Cohort:~* History of an ongoing medical condition that has been poorly controlled
within 6 months of the Screening Visit (e.g., hypotension, diabetes, hypertension, cerebrovascular disease,
thyroid disease, endocrine disturbance, congestive heart failure, cardiac or gastrointestinal disease,
dialysis, or abnormal renal function) other than the condition being studied such that a subject's
participation in the trial would pose a significant medical risk~* History of congestive heart failure
(moderate or greater severity), myocardial infarction, heart surgery, syncope, bradycardia, or clinically
significant hypotension within one year before Screening~Exclusion Criteria for Extension Period (Part II):~*
Participant is at imminent risk of self-harm or of harm to others~* Has developed a recent or ongoing,
uncontrolled, clinically significant medical condition other than AD~* Has history of or has developed during
Part I evidence of long QT syndrome, QTc interval ≥470 milliseconds (for male subjects) or ≥480 milliseconds
(for female subjects), or torsades de pointes~* Has developed a form of dementia that is not AD
