Exclusion Criteria:~1. Women of child bearing potential.~2. History or presence of a seizure disorder.~3.
History of uncontrolled peptic ulcer disease, urinary or gastric retention; asthma or obstructive pulmonary
disease.~4. History or presence of uncontrolled bladder outflow obstruction, gastrointestinal obstructive
disorder or reduced gastrointestinal motility, or narrow-angle glaucoma.~5. Renal and hepatic dysfunction
with:~ * Total Bilirubin: >1.5 x UNL~ * AST: >2.5 x UNL~ * ALT: >2.5 x UNL~ * Serum Creatinine: >1.5 x UNL~ *
Creatinine Clearance: <30 mL/min (calculated by Cockcroft and Gault equation)~6. History or presence of
myasthenia.~7. History of Prolonged QT Syndrome.~8. History of unexplained syncope.~9. Myocardial infarction or
hospitalization for congestive heart failure within 6 months.~10. Patients has implanted cardiac pacemaker,
implantable cardiac defibrillator (ICD), or metallic objects located in the eye, neck, ear, brain or blood
vessel walls.~11. ECG findings of:~ * Complete Left Bundle Branch block;~ * Ventricular pacing;~ * 2nd degree
or 3rd degree AV block;~ * Atrial fibrillation or atrial flutter;~ * Heart rate <45 or >100;~ * PR >220 msec;
or~ * QTcF >450 msec in male, >470 msec in female~12. Patients treated with the following medications within 8
weeks of screening~ * AChEIs (other than donepezil),~ * Peripherally acting anticholinergics (such as drugs for
the treatment of overactive bladder disorder),~ * Psychoactive medications (including antipsychotics,
antidepressants, anxiolytics or sedative hypnotics) having significant anticholinergic effects and/or believed
to affect cognitive function.~ Other medications are acceptable, at the investigators discretion, if dosage is
held stable for at least 4 weeks prior to screening and throughout the study.~13. Claustrophobia~14. Patients
considered unlikely to cooperate in the study, and/or poor compliance anticipated by the investigator.~15. Any
other clinically relevant acute or chronic diseases which could interfere with patients' safety during the
trial, or expose them to undue risk, or which could interfere with study objectives.~16. Patients who have
participated in another clinical trial with an investigational drug within previous 30 days.
