Exclusion Criteria:~* â€¢ Any CNS disease other than suspected incipient AD, such as clinical stroke, brain
tumor, normal pressure hydrocephalus, brain tumor, multiple sclerosis, significant head trauma with persistent
neurological of cognitive deficits or complaints, Parkinson's disease, frontotemporal dementia, or other
neurodegenerative diseases~ * Screening/baseline MRI scans with evidence of infarction or other focal lesions
in critical memory structures that may be related to cognitive dysfunction~ * Major active psychiatric illness
(e.g., depression, bipolar disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, schizophrenia) within the previous year~ *
History of alcohol or other substance abuse or dependence within the past two years~ * Pacemakers, aneurysm
clips, artificial heart valves, ear implants, metal fragments or foreign objects in the eyes, skin or body or
claustrophobia that would preclude MRI scanning~ * History of past or current diabetes, pancreatic or liver
disease, renal disease~ * Any significant systemic illness or unstable medical condition that could affect
compliance with study~ * Laboratory abnormalities in B12, TFTs, RPR, Lyme or other common lab parameters that
might contribute to cognition or participation in study~ * Coagulopathy or anti-coagulant therapy (such as
coumadin) increasing the risk for LP resulting in PT/PTT and INR within 1.5 standard deviations over the upper
normal limit.~ * Compromised renal function at screening as determined by creatinine clearance <30mL/min based
on Cockcroft-Gault calculation~ * Liver dysfunction at screening as evidenced by alanine transaminase
(ALT/SGPT) values > 2X upper limit of normal or aspartate transaminase (AST/SGOT) values > 3X or total
bilirubin > 2X.~ * Has received acetylcholinesterase inhibitor and/or memantine and/or any other medicine that
affects the central nervous system for less than 4 months or has less than 2 months stable therapy on these
treatments by baseline visit.~ * Current use of specified medications with psychoactive properties that
deleteriously affect cognition (e.g., certain antidepressants, anticholinergics, anti-histamines,
antipsychotics, sedative hypnotics, anxiolytics)~ * Use of investigational agents one month prior to entry and
for the duration of the trial~ * Exceptions to these guidelines may be considered on a case-by-case basis at
the discretion of the protocol director.
