Exclusion Criteria:~Participant has evidence of any neurological condition other than AD that may contribute to
cognitive impairment.~* History or presence of vascular disease that has the potential to affect cognitive
function.~* History or presence of stroke within the past 1 year or recent transient ischemic attack within 180
days before screening.~* History of severe, clinically significant central nervous system (CNS) trauma.~*
History or presence of intracranial tumor.~* Presence of ongoing infection(s) that may affect brain function,
or history of infections that resulted in neurologic sequelae.~* History of primary psychiatric diagnosis that
the investigator considers may interfere with study assessments.~Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale
(C-SSRS) suicidal ideation Type 4 or 5, suicidal behaviour or has been assessed to be at risk of suicide, in
the opinion of the investigator within 6 months before screening, at screening, or at the Baseline visit, or
has been hospitalized or treated for suicidal behaviour in the past 2 years.~* Participant has history of
alcohol and/or moderate to severe substance use disorder within the past 2 years~* Magnetic resonance imaging
(MRI) evidence based on central read of:~ 1. >3 lacunar infarcts.~ 2. Stroke involving a major vascular
territory, severe small vessel, or white matter disease.~ 3. Any territorial infarct >1 cubic centimetre
(cm\^3).~ 4. White matter hyperintense lesions on the FLAIR sequence that correspond to an overall Fazekas
score of 3~ 5. >4 microhaemorrhages.~ 6. Any areas of superficial (leptomeningeal) hemosiderosis.~ 7. A single
macro-hemorrhage greater than 10 millimetres (mm) at greatest diameter.~ 8. Vasogenic edema.~ 9. Cerebral
contusion, encephalomalacia, aneurysms, vascular malformations, or infective lesions.~ 10. Space occupying
lesions or brain tumors.~ 11. Significant cerebral vascular pathology~* History suggestive of exposure to, or
past tuberculosis (TB) infection should undergo screening for TB disease.~* Chronic active immune disorder
requiring systemic immunosuppressive therapy within 6 months prior to Screening.~* Screening serum vitamin B12
concentration < Lower limit of normal (LLN) or in the low normal range~* Folate <LLN or Thyroid-stimulating
hormone (TSH) > Upper limit of normal (ULN)~* Hemoglobin A1c >8 percentage (%) or poorly controlled diabetes
during the last 12 weeks~* History of cancer~* Known history of severe allergic, anaphylactic, or other
hypersensitivity reactions to chimeric, human, or humanized antibodies or fusion proteins~* Planned surgery
during the study which requires general, spinal, or epidural anesthesia that would take place during the
study.~* Key exclusionary medications include:~ * Antipsychotics, opiates/opioids, cannabinoids, hypnotics,
antidepressants, mood stabilizers, or stimulants that are used on a chronic basis, are exclusionary if not
consistent with the following rule: treatment has to have been at a stable dose for at least 4 weeks before
screening and should remain stable during the study~ * Any biologic drugs with systemic exposure, whether
investigational or approved, used within 6 months before screening Any disease modification drug for AD, such
as aducanumab and lecanemab, whether investigational or approved, used within 6 months before screening.~ *
Anticoagulation medications within 90 days of screening and during the study~ * Systemic immunosuppressive
therapy within 90 days before screening and during the study.
