Exclusion Criteria:~* Other causes of dementia (eg, vascular dementia, Lewy-body dementia, fronto-temporal
dementia, Creutzfeldt-Jacob disease, Huntington's disease, Parkinson's disease).~* History of or present
significant other diseases of the central nervous system (eg, brain tumor, normal pressure hydrocephalus,
Parkinson's Disease, stroke, severe brain trauma, brain surgery, epilepsy, encephalitis).~* Geriatric
depression scale score > 7 (short form with scale from 0 to 15).~* Present significant psychiatric disorder
(eg, major depression).~* History of psychosis or hallucinations.~* Mental retardation.~* Unstable medical
disease in the opinion of the investigator.~* Insulin dependent diabetes mellitus.~* Acute infectious
disease.~* Vitamin B12 deficiency unless on stable replacement therapy for at least 3 months is acceptable.~*
Unstable thyroid dysfunction.~* Uncontrolled hypertension.~* Severe liver or kidney disease.~* Major surgery
within 3 months prior to screening.~* Prohibited medications: Antiepileptic drugs, antipsychotics (but allowed
for treatment of acute episodes), antiparkinson agents, anticholinergic drugs, selegiline, monoamine oxidase
inhibitors (MAOI), tricyclics, immunosuppressive medications, anti-histamines (unless on a stable dose for at
least 3 months or used for treatment of acute episodes), benzodiazepines (but allowed for treatment of acute
episodes), and lithium.~* Antidepressants are permitted, if on a stable dose for at least 3 months and without
significant anticholinergic side-effects.~* Peripheral venous conditions which impair establishing regular
venous access for infusions.~* Potential reasons that patient may become non-evaluable during the study (eg,
planned moving into a nursing home, but assisted living is acceptable).~* Peripheral venous conditions, which
impair establishing regular venous access for infusions.~* Known IgA deficiency with antibodies to IgA.~*
History of hypersensitivity to blood or plasma derived products, or any component of octagam 10%, such as
maltose.~* Medical conditions which interfere with protein catabolism (eg, nephrotic syndrome).~* Known blood
hyperviscosity or other hypercoagulable states.~* Deep vein thrombosis within preceding 4 years.~* Symptomatic
stroke.~* Transient ischemic attack (TIA) within preceding 2 years.~* Participation in another drug trial
within the previous 3 months before screening.~* Participation in immunological treatment studies of AD other
than with intravenous immunoglobulin (IGIV) within the previous 6 months before screening.~* IGIV use in the
previous 6 months.~* Live viral vaccination within the last month before study entry.~* Not eligible for lumbar
puncture (anticoagulant therapy, coagulation disorders, severe spinal alterations).~* Patients with a past or
present history of drug abuse or alcohol abuse within the preceding 5 years.~* Patients with any condition that
would make the patient, in the opinion of the Investigator, unsuitable for the study.
