Exclusion Criteria:~* Any dementia of vascular genesis (excluded by Rosen ischemia score > 2)~* Magnetic
Resonance Imaging (MRI) or Computer Tomogram (CT) (more recent than 12 months; if a MRI of CT recording is
performed more than 12 months before study entry, it must be repeated) findings make the diagnosis of DAT
unlikely~* Any stroke history~* All secondary dementia (exclusion diagnosis defined by the NINCDS-ADRDA
criteria) as a late complication of:~ * Cranio-cerebral trauma~ * Intoxication (incl. history of alcohol and
drug abuse)~ * Cerebral infections (e.g. neurosyphilis)~ * Thyroid dysfunction~* Cerebral dysfunction due to
metabolic disorders (e.g. unstable thyroid dysfunction, or unstable insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus with
hypo-/hyper-glycemic episodes)~* Deficiency of vitamin B12 or folic acid as a reason of dementia~* Brain tumour
(A patient with an incidental tumour found on CT not felt to be clinically relevant may be included, i.e.:
meningioma)~* Down's syndrome, Parkinsonism, Huntington's chorea~* Multiple sclerosis~* Major depression
defined by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) 17 item scale (≥ 16)~* Depressive pseudo dementia~*
Mental retardation~* Hydrocephalus~* Epilepsy~* Endogenous psychoses (schizophrenia)~* Untreated or
non-compensated hypertension (Blood Pressure systolic > 180 and/or diastolic > 110 mmHg)~* Hypertension being
treated with reserpine, clonidine or Î²-blockers (these cases have to be adjusted to therapy with e.g. calcium
antagonists 4 weeks before start of treatment)~* Severe heart failure (NYHA: III and IV)~* Arrhythmias (Lown:
II-IV, Electrocardiogram > 30 ventricular extrasystoles/hour, multifocal or multiform and repetitive forms of
ventricular extrasystoles)~* Bronchial asthma with phases of exacerbation or inducible by aspirin or other
Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs~* Severe diabetes mellitus: insulin dependent and not stabilised (patient
with an HbA1c in normal range, clinically stable diabetes and any case of insulin dose ≤ 0.5 UI/kg/day may be
included), or other metabolic diseases~* Renal insufficiency: calculated creatinine clearance is less than 60
ml/min~* Acute hepatic disorder (liver enzymes above 50 % upper normal limit)~* Chronic hepatitis within the
last two years (positive hepatitis titer, Hepatitis A Virus, Hepatitis B Virus, Hepatitis C Virus,
cytomegalovirus, Epstein-Barr virus or abnormal immunological values (positive immunoglobulin M(IgM)/IgG) are
allowed if all liver enzymes are within the normal range)~* Recent history of liver disease (2 years) including
drug intoxication (e.g. narcotics, cytostatics etc.)~* Patients with obvious symptoms of dehydration~* History
of drug or alcohol abuse or dependence on other hepatotoxic agents (if a patient is permanently hospitalised
and a drug screen performed at the beginning of hospitalisation, no additional drug screen is necessary)~*
Neoplasm currently active or likely to recur (except basal cell carcinoma)~* Participation in another clinical
trial within the last four weeks and re-entering from this or a previous talsaclidine trial~* Pregnant and
lactating woman, woman with childbearing potential not using an approved method of contraception~* Insufficient
compliance: in the investigator's opinion the patient or family is unable to comply with the protocol
requirements
