Exclusion Criteria:~1. Unwilling or unable to give informed consent~2. Pregnancy~3. QTc > 450 msec on baseline
ECG~4. MRI contraindications~5. Presence of uncontrolled psychiatric disorder (as per clinical judgment)~6.
Presence of uncontrolled systemic lupus erythematosus (as per clinical judgment)~7. Substance or alcohol abuse
(current alcohol use > 3 alcoholic beverage/day or > 21 per week and as per clinical judgment)~8. Hearing,
vision, or motor deficits despite corrective devices (as per clinical judgment)~9. Myocardial infarction,
angina, stroke, or transient ischemic attack in the past 6 months~10. Chronic heart failure (as per clinical
judgment)~11. Neurologic, musculoskeletal, or other condition that limits subject's ability to complete study
physical assessments (as per clinical judgment)~12. Positive SARS-CoV-2 test within 30 days prior to
enrollment~13. AST/ALT > 2.5x upper limit normal~14. Presence of significant liver disease with total bilirubin
> 2X upper limit or as per clinical judgment~15. Inability to tolerate oral medication (as per clinical
judgment)~16. Abnormality in any of the screening laboratory studies (see section 6.21.2) or as per clinical
judgment~17. Malabsorption (as per clinical judgment)~18. Known human immunodeficiency virus infection (as per
clinical judgment)~19. Known active hepatitis B or C infection~20. Invasive fungal or viral infection (as per
clinical judgment)~21. Known hypersensitivity or allergy to D or Q~22. Uncontrolled pleural/pericardial
effusions or ascites (as per clinical judgment)~23. New/active invasive cancer except non-melanoma skin
cancers~24. Inability to tolerate oral medications (as per clinical judgment)~25. Currently taking AND unable
to safely hold any of the medications listed in Appendix 1 during the days IP is administered and for 36 hours
after IP administration.~26. Uncontrolled diabetes (defined as HbA1c > 7% or as per clinical judgment).~27.
Gastric bypass/reduction~28. Crohn's disease~29. Myopathies (increased or low calcium, vitamin D deficiency,
elevated creatine kinase or ESR) (as per clinical judgment)~30. eGFR < 10 ml/ min/ 1.73 m2~31. Creatinine
clearance < 60 mL/min/1.73 m2~32. Subjects on therapeutic doses of anticoagulants (e.g., warfarin, heparin, low
molecular weight heparin, factor Xa inhibitors, etc.)~33. On antiplatelet agents (e.g., full dose Aspirin,
Clopidogrel etc.). Baby aspirin (81 mg), if absolutely necessary from cardiac perspective, will be allowed~34.
Presence of any condition that the Investigator believes would put the subject at risk or would preclude the
patient from successfully completing all aspects of the trial~Involvement of special vulnerable populations: We
will not involve special vulnerable populations, such as fetuses, neonates, pregnant women, children,
prisoners, institutionalized individuals, or others who may be considered vulnerable populations except for
patients with dementia. Therefore, availability and consent from a LAR is an inclusion criterion.
