Exclusion Criteria:~1. Any other cause of dementia shown by CT / MRI findings and neurological examination
within 12 months of screening visit~ * Possible, probable or definite vascular dementia according to the
NINDS-AIREN~ * Other central nervous system diseases that may cause cognitive impairment (cerebrovascular
disease including cerebrovascular dementia, Parkinsonism, Huntington's disease, subdural hematoma, normal
pressure hydrocephalus, brain tumor, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, etc.)~ * Neurological deficits such as
delusions, delirium, epilepsy~2. Vitamin B12, folic acid, syphilis serology, and thyroid stimulating hormone
(TSH) results are thought to contribute to the severity of dementia or cause dementia~3. A patient who are
considered ineligible for this study by investigator due to concurrent or history of significant psychiatric
conditions (eg. schizophrenia or bipolar affective disorder)~4. A patient with a history of known or suspected
seizures including febrile seizures, a history of significant head trauma with loss of consciousness or recent
unconsciousness that is not explained~5. A patient with acute or unstable cardiovascular disease, active peptic
ulcer, uncontrolled hypertension, uncontrolled diabetes or insulin dependent patients or any medical condition
that may interfere with the completion of clinical trials~6. Hypersensitivity to investigational medicinal
products~7. History of alcohol, substance abuse or dependence (except nicotine dependence) within the last 2
years~8. Concurrent malignancies or invasive cancers diagnosed within the past 5 years except for
non-metastatic basal cell carcinoma or squamous cell carcinoma of skin, in situ carcinoma of the uterine cervix
or non-metastatic prostate cancer~9. Renal impairment (creatinine clearance (CLcr) <30 mL / min)~10. Severe
liver dysfunction (ALT or AST> 2 times the upper limit of normal)~11. A patient taking other drugs other than
donepezil to treat Alzheimer's disease or other cognitive impairment~12. A patient taking other drugs other
than anticholinergic drugs, cholinergic drugs (local usages are allowable, such as pilocarpine eye drops),
antidepressants (tricyclic antidepressant, MAO inhibitor) antipsychotics, donepezil to treat Alzheimer's
disease~13. Women at childbearing age who do not consent using medicinally acceptable contraception (such as
surgical sterilization, intrauterine contraceptive device, condom or diaphragm, an injectable or inserted
contraceptive) during the study~14. Pregnancy or breast feeding~15. A patient who participated in other
clinical trials within 4 weeks prior to this study~16. 35 kg weight or below~17. A patient who had experienced
this study drug~18. A patient who had participated in a clinical trial for Alzheimer dementia vaccine within
last 6 months~19. Any other patients who are considered to be ineligible for this study by an investigator
