Exclusion Criteria:~1. Patients diagnosed with other diseases that cause dementia (severe hypothyroidism,
anemia, brain tumor, including a history of neuroinfections, etc.) according to medical history, medical
documentation and the results of additional examination methods.~2. History of other neurodegenerative diseases
of the brain, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, demyelinating diseases of the nervous system, hereditary
degenerative diseases of the central nervous system, abnormalities of the nervous system, uncontrolled
epilepsy, hallucinations, other neurological disorders seriously affecting motor or cognitive function, in the
opinion of the investigator.~3. History of intolerance to any of the components of the study drug.~4. History
of stroke.~5. Active oncological process.~6. The need for surgeries on the vessels of the neck or brain,
including endovascular interventions, during the study.~7. Signs of significant uncontrolled concomitant
disease that, in the opinion of the Investigator, could prevent the patient from participating in the study,
including:~ * Respiratory system disorders;~ * Cardiovascular system disorders;~ * Severe renal impairment
(glomerular filtration rate <30ml/min);~ * Severe liver dysfunction (ALT, AST > 2 times the upper limit of
normal);~ * Endocrine system disorders;~ * Gastrointestinal disorders.~8. Systemic autoimmune diseases or
vascular collagenoses requiring previous or current treatment with systemic drugs.~9. Use of drugs that
negatively affect cognitive function (tricyclic antidepressants, benzodiazepines, antipsychotics, hypnotics,
etc.), as well as drugs of prohibited therapy (including Cerebrolysin, preparations of ginkgo biloba extract,
any other drugs with nootropic, antioxidant, metabolic effects, as well as drugs used to treat dementia).
Situational use of psychotropic drugs (e.g., for the treatment of insomnia, or to relieve agitation and
anxiety) is permitted~10. Moderate to severe depression (Hamilton scale score of 14 or more).~11. Smoking.~12.
Episodes of alcohol or drug abuse within the last 6 months.~13. Inability to comply with study procedures even
with the assistance, in the opinion of the investigator.~14. Episodes of other serious or unstable
neurological, metabolic, hepatic, renal, hematological, pulmonary, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal or
urological disorders.~15. Myocardial infarction within 12 months prior to screening.~16. Known systemic
infection (viral hepatitis, HIV, tuberculosis, syphilis).~17. Life expectancy less than 26 weeks after
randomization.~18. Men of reproductive potential who are unwilling to use adequate contraceptive methods.~19.
Participation in another clinical trial within the last 6 months.
