Exclusion Criteria:~* Advanced, severe, and unstable disease of any type that may interfere with primary and
secondary variable evaluations including any medical condition that could be expected to progress, recur, or
change to such an extent that it may bias the assessment of the clinical or mental status of the subject to a
significant degree or put the subject at special risk.~* Cognitive impairment sufficient to warrant a diagnosis
of dementia.~* Met the DSM-IV and NINCDS-ADRDA criteria for AD.~* A clinical diagnosis of AD.~* A DSM-IV Axis 1
diagnosis. However, subjects with current depression are eligible after appropriate treatment of the depressive
episode. A minimum of four weeks washout of antidepressant medication should occur prior to screening. Subjects
with a prior history of depression (but not currently depressed) are allowed in the study.~* Fewer than four
years of formal education.~* A documented history of transient ischemic attacks.~* Baseline MRI findings or
CT-scan findings within a year of screening that are consistent with a process other than AD, e.g., stroke,
tumor, brain trauma or hydrocephalus, that may contribute to the subject's MCI. Lacunae infarcts present in
areas affecting cognition (entorhinal cortex, hippocampus, medial temporal lobe) will also exclude the subject
from the study.~* A score of greater than 4 on the Modified Hachinski Ischemic Scale.~* A current diagnosis of
any primary neurodegenerative disorder, e.g., Parkinson's disease.~* A current diagnosis of uncontrolled
seizure disorder.~* A current diagnosis of active peptic ulceration.~* A current diagnosis of severe and
unstable cardiovascular disease.~* A current diagnosis of sick-sinus syndrome or conduction deficits
(sino-atrial block, second or third degree atrio-ventricular block).~* A current diagnosis of acute, severe, or
unstable asthmatic conditions.~* A known exaggerated pharmacological sensitivity or hypersensitivity to drugs
similar to Exelon or to other cholinergic compounds (e.g., pilocarpine, bethanechol, tacrine, velnacrine,
donepezil, metrifonate, or physostigmine). Subjects who have experienced elevations in liver function test
parameters on other cholinesterase inhibitors are still eligible.~* Taken any of the following substances: An
investigational drug during the past four weeks; Metrifonate during the past three months; a drug or treatment
known to cause major organ system toxicity during the past four weeks; other cholinergic drugs (e.g.,
donepezil, tacrine, succinylcholine-type muscle relaxants) during the past two weeks (topical pilocarpine will
be permitted); antidepressant medication during the past four weeks.~* Participated in a previous clinical
trial of Exelon.~* Clinically important laboratory abnormalities in serum B12, folate, or T3/T4 at screening.
The subject should be excluded if peripheral neuropathy, macrocytic anemia, or myxedema is present.~* If screen
values do not meet the absolutely exclusionary values given below but are still outside the normal reference
range, treatment for folic acid/B12 deficiency or thyroid disorder, as appropriate, may be initiated or
adjusted with re-evaluation of the subject within three months. Within these three months of treatment, the
subject's cognitive condition must be clinically unchanged or worse for the subject to be acceptable. Once
accepted, the subject must remain on the appropriate treatment throughout the study.~* Exclude if T3 uptake is
less than 19%; T4 less than 2.9 ((g/dL); free T4 index is less than 0.8~* Exclude if folate less than 1.7 ng/ml
(normal range greater than 1.9)~* Exclude if B12 less than 100 pg/ml (normal range greater than 200)~* A
positive rapid plasmin reagin test followed up by a positive serological test for syphilis.~* A disability that
may prevent the subject from completing all study requirements (e.g., blindness, deafness, severe language
difficulty).
