Exclusion Criteria:~* Any significant neurological disease other than suspected incipient AD, such as
Parkinson's disease, multi-infarct dementia, Huntington's disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, brain tumor,
progressive supranuclear palsy, seizure disorder, subdural hematoma, multiple sclerosis, or history of
significant head trauma followed by persistent neurologic defaults or known structural brain abnormalities;~*
Major depressive episode, as described in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV)
within the past 6 months, which could lead to difficulty complying with the protocol;~* History of
schizophrenia or bipolar disorder (DSM-IV criteria);~* History of alcohol or substance abuse or dependence
within the past 3 years (DSM-IV criteria);~* Currently taking medications that could lead to difficulty
complying with the protocol; subjects must be on a stable dose of current medications for 4 weeks prior to
study entry, with the exception of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors and/or memantine, which must be on a stable
dose for at least 12 weeks prior to study entry;~* Investigational agents are prohibited one month prior to
entry and for the duration of the trial;~* Currently taking medications known to be CYP2C9 inducers (i.e.
carbamazepine and rifampicin);~* Currently taking cromolyn, or have taken cromolyn, within the past 12
months;~* Chronic daily use of high-dose NSAID for osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, or other chronic
inflammatory diseases (chronic defined as 3200 mg/day for >2 weeks);~* Chronic daily use of aspirin exceeding
standard of care guidelines for low dose aspirin therapy for prevention of stroke and/or other recommended
uses;~* Allergy to cromolyn (also known as IntalÂ®, NasalcromÂ®, OpticromÂ®, GastrocromÂ®, etc.);~* Allergies
to ibuprofen (AdvilÂ®, MotrinÂ®, NuprinÂ®, etc.) or aspirin;~* Clinically significant respiratory disorders
with impaired respiratory effort or difficulty taking inhaled drugs;~* Uncontrolled chronic asthma;~* Abnormal
pulmonary function test, defined for this protocol as: FEV1/FVC < predicted value for subject AND FEV1 < 70% of
predicted value, indicating moderate or severe respiratory obstruction;~* Taking inhaled protein products on a
chronic basis;~* Any significant systemic illness or unstable medical condition which could lead to difficulty
complying with the protocol;~* Pregnancy or lactation for female subjects of child-bearing potential (i.e., <
two years post-menopausal or not surgically sterile);~* For sexually active male subjects, unwillingness or
incapability of using appropriate contraception methods;~* Severe renal or hepatic impairment.
