Exclusion Criteria:~1. Unable to give informed consent in accordance with applicable regulations~2. Diagnosed
with moderate or severe dementia due to AD according to National Institute on Aging - Alzheimer's Association
(NIA-AA)~3. History or evidence of any other central nervous system (CNS) disorder(s) that could be interpreted
as a cause of cognitive impairment or dementia~4. History of known or suspected seizures, loss of
consciousness, or significant head trauma within 2 years before Screening~5. History of known or suspected
stroke or transient ischaemic attack (TIA) within 2 years before Screening~6. Evidence of other clinically
significant lesions on brain MRI (Fazekas score 312)~7. History or presence of clinically evident
cerebrovascular disease (diagnosis of possible, probable, or definite vascular dementia)~8. Other significant
pathological findings on brain MRI (for example more than 10 microhaemorrhages or a single macrohaemorrhage >10
mm at the greatest diameter)~9. Unstable medical, neurological, or psychiatric condition, or presence of major
depressive episode at Screening~10. Life-time history of schizophrenia or history of uncontrolled bipolar
disorder within 5 years before Screening~11. Having a bleeding disorder that is not under adequate control
(defined as a platelet count <50 000 or international normalised ratio \[INR\] >1.5). Participants who are on
anticoagulant therapy (for example, warfarin), should have their anticoagulant status optimised and be on a
stable dose for 30 days before Screening. Anticoagulant therapy (e.g., clopidogrel bisulfate, carbasalate
calcium 100 mg/day, or aspirin 325 mg/day or less) is permitted provided this therapy does not represent a
contraindication for a lumbar puncture and CSF sampling (if CSF sampling is required in the absence of
historical PET evidence).~12. Having significant kidney disease as indicated by either of the following:~ *
Creatinine clearance (eGFR) ≤30 mL/min/1.73m2) as estimated using the modification of diet in renal disease
(MDRD) method, or~ * Creatinine ≥2 mg/dL.~13. Having impaired hepatic function as indicated by aspartate amino
transferase (AST) or alanine amino transferase (ALT) >3-fold the upper limit of normal (ULN), or total
bilirubin >2-fold ULN, at Screening.~14. Known to be human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positive~15. Known to
be hepatitis C or chronic hepatitis B positive~16. Having any other clinically significant abnormalities in
physical examination, vital signs, laboratory tests, MRI, or ECG at Screening or Baseline which in the opinion
of the investigator requires further investigation or treatment or which may interfere with study procedures or
safety~17. Use of licensed symptomatic AD medication for less than 90 days or at a non-stable dose over the
past 90 days at Baseline (for example acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, memantine, ginkgo)~18. Use of anti-AÎ²
monoclonal antibody therapy at Baseline~19. Treatment with one of the following substances:~ 1. Typical
antipsychotic or neuroleptic medication within 90 days before Screening (except for~ ≤1 mg risperidon, and ≤300
mg quetiapin).~ 2. Chronic use of opiates or opioids (including long-acting opioid medication) within 90 days
before Screening~ 3. Stimulant medications (amphetamine, methylphenidate preparations, or modafinil) within 30
days before Screening~ 4. Chronic use of benzodiazepines, barbiturates, or hypnotics within 90 days before
Screening~20. Contraindication to MRI. Patients with MRI compatible pacemakers may be allowed to enter the
study.~21. Prior or current participation in a clinical trial testing active immunisation against AÎ² or
tau.~22. Participation in a clinical trial and having taken at least 1 dose of the investigational medicinal
product (IMP), within 5 times the IMP half-life time before Baseline, unless confirmed as having been on
placebo.
