Exclusion Criteria:~* Severe Alzheimer's disease and other dementias as determined by neuropsychological
testing and neurological evaluation.~* Previous riluzole treatment.~* MRI contraindication (severe
claustrophobia, metal implants, shunts, pacemaker, joint implants, metal valves).~* Currently taking
medications that either have evidence of glutamatergic activity or has previous MRS evidence of effects on
brain glutamate levels at the discretion of the PI such as memantine, lamotrigine, lithium, opiates, bupropion,
psychostimulants such as amphetamines and methylphenidate, tricyclic antidepressants, benzodiazepines and any
other drug that the investigators judge might interfere with the study. (subjects on those medications may
still be included in the study however only the values of NAA from MRS will be utilized and not the glutamate
measurements).~* Currently a user of the following illicit drugs: cocaine, methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)
(ecstasy), heroin and other opioids or has a history of drug or alcohol abuse within the past 5 years.~* Serum
creatinine >1.5 times the upper limit of normal.~* Abnormal liver function test (greater than 2 times the upper
limit of normal for alanine aminotransferase (ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST); or bilirubin >1.5 times
the upper limit of normal.~* History of brain disease including Parkinson's Disease, severe brain trauma,
seizures, history of stroke, clinically significant lacunar infarct in a region important for cognition or
multiple lacunes or a cortical infarct or focal lesions of clinical significance, multiple sclerosis, mental
retardation, normal pressure hydrocephalus, central nervous system (CNS) tumor, Huntington's disease, subdural
hematoma or other serious neurological disorder.~* Uncontrolled diabetes mellitus (Hba1c higher than 7) or
chronically uncontrolled hypertension.~* Subject must not be taking NamendaÂ® (memantine) for 6-weeks prior to
study entrance.~* Currently taking any concomitant hepatotoxic drugs such as allopurinol, methyldopa and
sulfasalazine.~* Any unstable serious co-existing medical condition(s) including but not limited to myocardial
infarction, coronary artery disease requiring coronary bypass surgery, unstable angina, clinically evident
congestive heart failure within 6 months prior to the screening visit.~* Current smoker or user of
nicotine-containing products, such as chewing tobacco, nicotine patch or gum for the past 2 months.~* Current
untreated major depression defined by Geriatric Depression Scale > 20.~* Participation in any investigational
or marketed drug or device trial within 30 days prior to the screening visit.~* Significant neuropsychiatric
illnesses such as bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, moderate-severe anxiety, vascular dementia,
Creutzfeldt-Jakob dementia, HIV dementia, and dementia in other specified diseases.~* Subjects who have been on
donepezil for longer than 5 years.~* Weight> 300 pounds.~* Lactose intolerance.~* Any medical or social
condition that, in the opinion of the Investigator, might pose additional risk to the participant or confound
the results of the study.~* Positive Hepatitis Serology (Hep. B antigen+ or Hep. C antibody+)
