Exclusion Criteria:~1. Clinically significant haematological disorder, including moderate or severe anaemia
(blood haemoglobin <110 g/L, WHO definition)~2. Iron deficiency (serum ferritin < 10 ng/mL)~3. Clinically
significant abnormal haematological results (sufficiently outside the normal range to warrant further
investigation). Mild anaemia (haemoglobin ≥110 g/L) is not an exclusion.~4. Clinically significant abnormal
renal or liver function results (sufficiently outside the normal range to warrant further investigation)~5.
Presence of non-AD condition that may affect cognition, such as but not limited to Parkinson's Disease (PD),
normal pressure hydrocephalus, sleep apnoea requiring O2 treatment~6. Clinically evident vascular disease that
could potentially affect the brain, such as but not limited to significant carotid or vertebral stenosis,
aortic aneurysm, cerebral haemorrhage~7. History of any stroke in the past 2 years, or transient ischemic
attack within the last 6 months~8. History of persistent neurologic deficit, intracranial tumour or structural
brain damage~9. History of infection that could affect brain function (eg HIV and syphilis)~10. Autoimmune
disorders that potentially cause progressive neurologic disease with associated cognitive deficits, such as but
not limited to multiple sclerosis, lupus~11. Major psychiatric illness (depression is acceptable if patient has
not had an episode within the past year or is considered in remission or controlled by treatment)~12. A history
of relapsing neutropenia.~13. Presence of agranulocytosis or with a history of agranulocytosis~14. Known
hypersensitivity to DFP or excipients.~15. Alcohol and/or substance abuse~16. MRI evidence of
clinically-significant cerebrovascular pathology. Focal white matter lesions, ≤ 2 lacunar infarcts in
non-critical sites and other minor pathology assessed by the investigator to not be causing the current
cognitive impairment, will not lead to exclusion.~17. Active major medical illness~18. FCBP not using adequate
method of contraception or who is pregnant or nursing~19. Inability to provide informed consent~20.
Participation in another clinical trial within 3 months prior to inclusion in the study~21. Subjects for whom
MRI is contraindicated (severe claustrophobia, pacemaker, incompatible surgical material, unmovable electronic
pump implant)~22. Negative amyloid PET scan or CSF in the last 2 years.~23. Hospital Anxiety and Depression
Scale (scores > 8/21 are disqualified).~24. Subject cannot commit to regular blood tests with the interval
between tests not exceeding 10 days from the scheduled visit for the duration of the study.~25. Subject has
planned surgery which does not permit regular blood tests with the interval between tests not exceeding 10 days
from the scheduled visit.
