Exclusion Criteria:~* Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score lower than 22; all DLBS participants at the
time of initial Wave 1 enrollment between 2008 - 2014 had an MMSE score of 26 or above, indicating normal
cognitive function. However, in the time interval between Wave 1 and Wave 3, it is possible that mental
capacity may have deteriorated. The investigators will exclude all participants in Wave 3 testing who have an
MMSE lower than 22.~* Taking some types of sedatives, benzodiazepines, or anti-psychotics.~* Currently
undergoing chemotherapy or radiation for cancer.~* New history of substance abuse.~* Has a history of drug or
alcohol dependence within the last year, or prior prolonged history of dependence.~* Recreational drug use in
past six months.~* Central nervous systems disease or brain injury that would preclude participation in the
study.~* Psychiatric or neurological disorder that would preclude participation in this study.~* Has clinically
significant hepatic, renal, pulmonary, metabolic or endocrine disturbances which pose safety risk.~* Has a
current clinically significant cardiovascular disease that poses a safety risk.~* Has a current clinically
significant infectious disease or a medical comorbidity which poses a safety risk.~* Has either: 1) Screening
electrocardiogram (ECG) with corrected QT Interval (QTc) > 450 millisecond (msec) if male, or QTc > 470 msec if
female; or 2) A history of additional risk factors for Torsades de Pointes (TdP) (e.g., hypokalemia, family
history of Long QT syndrome) or are taking drugs that are known to cause QT prolongation (a list of prohibited
and discouraged medications is provided by the Sponsor); Patients with a prolonged QTc interval in the setting
of intraventricular conduction block (examples right bundle branch block or left bundle branch block), may be
enrolled with sponsor approval.~* Has received or will receive investigational medication within the 30 days of
PET/CT scan.~* Has received or will receive a radiopharmaceutical for imaging or therapy within 24 hours of
PET/CT scan.~* Is a participant who, in the opinion of the investigator(s), is otherwise unsuitable for a study
of this type.
