Exclusion Criteria:~* For women, pregnant, lactating or breastfeeding, or intention to become pregnant~*
Evidence of unstable or untreated clinically significant gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, hepatic, renal,
hematological, neoplastic, endocrine, alternative neurological, immunodeficiency, pulmonary, or other disorder
or disease.~* Stable, treated chronic medical conditions like hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, diabetes
mellitus, non-metastatic dermatologic or prostatic cancer, etc. are acceptable as long as they do not, in the
study investigator's opinion, contribute to cognitive dysfunction or limit participation in study procedures.~*
Any illness or other consideration that makes it unlikely that the subject will be able to complete the
24-month study.~* Current or prior history (within past 5 years) of significant alcohol or substance abuse as
determined by the investigator.~* Psychiatric disorders that may interfere with the study including current
major Axis I DSM-V disorders including but not limited to severe Major depression, current or history of
bipolar I disorder, or schizophrenia.~* Current use of the anti-seizure medication Levetiracetam, also known as
Keppra, Spritam or Roweepra~* MRI exclusion criteria include findings from previous MRI's within the ADRC/WRAP
research program that may be responsible for neurologic status of the subject such as evidence of
cerebrovascular disease with multiple infarcts, infectious disease, space-occupying lesion, normal pressure
hydrocephalus, CNS trauma, or any other structural abnormality that may impact cognition or image analysis, as
judged by the investigator.~* MRI-incompatible implants or devices such as certain cardiac pacemakers or
defibrillators, insulin pumps, cochlear implants, metallic ocular foreign body, implanted neural stimulators,
CNS aneurysm clips and other medical implants that have not been certified for MRI, or history of
claustrophobia in MRI that prevents completion of MRI protocol.~* Lack of decisional capacity at the time of
informed consent~* Lumbar puncture exclusion criteria include: previous lumbar spine surgery, currently taking
blood-thinning anti-platelet medications, taking immunosuppressive medications, currently being treated or were
recently treated for an infection or virus within the last 2 to 3 months.
