Exclusion Criteria:~1. Intolerance to Montelukast;~2. Current diagnosis of bronchial asthma or exercise-induced
bronchospasm and currently on Montelukast or other leukotriene receptor antagonists (Zafirlukast,
Pranlukast);~3. Liver disease (elevated liver enzymes (>2x normal): Alanine aminotransferase (ALT), AST,
alkaline phosphatase, total bilirubin);~4. Renal disease (Creatinine >2.0 mg/dl), platelets<50,000/Î¼l, or
INR>1.9;~5. Diagnosis of any neurological or psychiatric disorders that affects cognition such as uncontrolled
depression, schizophrenia, Parkinson's disease or use of anti-Parkinsonian therapies (unless used for essential
tremor), multiple sclerosis, or other active medical condition that in the judgment of the study physicians
would affect the safety of the subject or scientific integrity of the study;~6. Other contributing factors to
cognitive impairment such as uncontrolled hypothyroidism (TSH >10 mU/l) or untreated low vitamin B12 (<250
ng/mL);~7. Uncontrolled congestive heart failure reflected by poor exercise tolerance and shortness of breath
at rest or with some exertion;~8. Actively undergoing chemotherapy or radiation therapy for cancer
treatment;~9. History of stroke in the past 3 years;~10. Severely impaired cognition (MoCA ≤10, FAST >5 or CDR
>2);~11. Inability to have MRI and LP e.g. for MRI, metal implants or cardiac pacemaker or for LP, bleeding
diathesis from disease states or from use of anticoagulants such as warfarin, heparin and related products,
Rivaroxaban or Xarelto, Apixaban or Eliquis, Edoxaban or Savaysa, Dabigatran or Pradaxa. Subjects who can have
either one lumbar puncture (LP) or MRI will be enrolled;~12. Inability to have cognitive assessment due to
hearing, vision, or language issues or due to severe impairment;~13. History of increased intracranial pressure
(ICP);~14. In those who are unable to demonstrate that they understood the details of the study using the
University of California, San Diego Brief Assessment of Capacity to Consent (UBACC) instrument modified for
EMERALD (i.e. lack of decisional-capacity to consent), a study partner/surrogate who can sign on their behalf
will be required; otherwise, they will be excluded;~15. Use of phenobarbital or rifampin due to drug
interaction.
