Exclusion Criteria:~1. Cognitive impairment of subjects due to other medical or neurological factors (other
than AD);~2. History of stroke or transient ischemic attack, seizures, or other unexplained loss of
consciousness within the past year;~3. Any psychiatric diagnosis that may interfere with the subject's
cognitive assessment;~4. Cannot tolerate MRI or has contraindications to MRI, has significant lesions shown on
MRI during screening, or has other conditions that the investigator believes may bring a significant risk to
the subject;~5. Patients who had severe trauma or had undergone surgery within 6 months prior to screening, or
were scheduled to undergo surgery during the trial;~6. History of moderate (3b) or severe renal failure or
insufficiency;~7. Uncontrolled hypertension: systolic blood pressure > 160mmHg and diastolic blood pressure
>100mmHg during screening or baseline;~8. 12-lead ECG showed QTcF >450ms for male and >470ms for female during
screening;~9. History of hypoglycemic coma or uncontrolled diabetes 6 months prior to the screening period;~10.
Thyroid dysfunctionï¼›~11. Had unstable or clinically significant cardiovascular disease within 1 year prior to
the screening period, had or currently has atrial fibrillation;~12. History of malignancy within 5 years prior
to screening;~13. Patients with clinically significant systemic immunosuppression due to the persistent effects
of immunosuppressive drugs;~14. Human immunodeficiency virus antibody (HIV-Ab), treponema pallidum antibody and
hepatitis C virus antibody (HCV-Ab) were positive during screening.Hepatitis B active subjects \[Hepatitis B
virus surface antigen (HBsAg) positive with HBV DNA > upper limit of normal\]~15. Alanine aminotransferase
(ALT) or aspartate aminotransferase (AST) exceeding 3 times ULN, or total bilirubin exceeding 2 times ULN~16.
Folic acid or vitamin B12 below the lower limit of normal~17. coagulation disorders~18. According to the
investigators, the subjects were suicidal or had committed suicidal behaviour in the six months before the
screening period;~19. Severe visual or hearing impairment, unable to cooperate with the completion of the
scale;~20. A woman who is pregnant, or a woman of childbearing potential whose pregnancy test results are
positive, or who is breastfeeding; or has a plan to have a child, unwilling or unable to take effective
contraceptive measures within 30 days prior to the screening period or six months after the last use of the
investigational drug.~21. History of drug abuse or addiction;~22. Three months prior to the randomization
period or planned to use dual antiplatelet or anticoagulant drugs during the trial;~23. Received any passive
immunotherapy or other long-acting biologics used to prevent or delay cognitive decline within 3 months prior
to screening;~24. Investigators and relevant staff of the research Centre or others directly involved in
programme implementation;~25. The investigator considers that there are any circumstances that would cause the
subject to be unable to complete the study or pose a significant risk to the subject or other factors that
would interfere with the subject's ability to complete the study evaluation.
