Exclusion Criteria:~1. Has a history of psychiatric disorder such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or major
depression according to the criteria of the most current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders (DSM), unless they are stable on treatment or no longer need treatment. Mild depression or
history of depression that is stable on treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI),
serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRI) or other anti-depression medication (e.g. Wellbutrin)
at a stable dose is acceptable. Refer to Concomitant Medications section above for details on prohibited and
permitted medications.~2. Has non-AD dementia, such as vascular dementia, Lewy body dementia, frontotemporal
disease, PD dementia, B12 and thyroid deficiency caused dementia.~3. History of a seizure disorder, if stable
on medication is acceptable. Refer to Concomitant Medications section above for details on prohibited and
permitted medications.~4. Screening MRI (or historical MRI, if applicable) of the brain indicative of
significant abnormality, including, but not limited to, prior hemorrhage or infarct > 1 cm3, > 3 lacunar
infarcts, cerebral contusion, encephalomalacia, aneurysm, vascular malformation, subdural hematoma,
hydrocephalus, space-occupying lesion (e.g., abscess or brain tumor such as meningioma unless they are
documented and stable).~5. Has a history or current evidence of long QT syndrome, Fridericia's formula
corrected QT (QTcF) interval ≥ 450 ms for men and ≥ 460 ms for women ((in the absence of a bundle branch
block), or torsades de pointes.~6. Has bradycardia (<50 bpm) or tachycardia (>100 bpm) on the ECG at screening
and deemed medically significant by the PI.~7. Has uncontrolled Type-1 or Type-2 diabetes. A participant with
hemoglobin subunit alpha 1c (HbA1c) levels up to 7.5% can be enrolled if the PI believes the participant's
diabetes is under control.~8. Has clinically significant renal (Chronic Kidney Disease Epidemiology
Collaboration (CKD-EPI) <60 mL/min/BSA (body surface area) or hepatic impairment (alkaline phosphatase (ALP) >
2.0 ULN and/or total bilirubin > 2.0 ULN).~9. Has any clinically significant abnormal laboratory values.
Participants with liver function tests (aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alanine aminotransferase (ALT))
greater than twice the upper limit of normal will be excluded.~10. Is at imminent risk of self-harm, based on
clinical interview and responses on the C- SSRS, or of harm to others in the opinion of the PI. Participants
must be excluded if they report suicidal ideation with intent, with or without a plan or method (e.g., positive
response to items 4 or 5 in assessment of suicidal ideation on the C-SSRS) in the past 2 months, or suicidal
behavior in the past 6 months.~11. Has cancer or has had a malignant tumor within the past year, except
participants who underwent potentially curative therapy with no evidence of recurrence (participants with
stable untreated cancer are not excluded).~12. Alcohol / Substance use disorder, moderate to severe, in the
last 5 years according to the most current version DSM.~13. Participation in another clinical trial with an
investigational agent and have taken at least one dose of study medication, unless unblinded on placebo, within
4 weeks prior to the start of screening, or five half-lives of the investigational drug, whichever is greater.
The end of a previous investigational trial is the date the last dose of an investigational agent was
taken.~14. Participants with learning disability or developmental delay.~15. Participants whom the PI deems to
be otherwise ineligible.~16. Participants with a known allergy to the investigational drug or any of its
components.~ Inactive ingredients of the investigational medicinal product:~ * Silicified Microcrystalline
Cellulose~ * Dibasic Calcium Phosphate Dihydrate~ * Mannitol~ * Stearic Acid~ * Hypromellosee (capsule shells
structure)~ * Titanium dioxide (opacifier of the capsule shells)~17. Participant is currently pregnant,
breast-feeding, and/or lactating.~18. Participant is currently taking strong and moderate CYP3A4 inhibitors
and/or inducers. Refer to Concomitant Medications section below for details on prohibited and permitted
medications.~19. Participants with uncontrolled hypertension (systolic >160mm Hg and/or diastolic >95mm Hg) or
hypotension (systolic <90mm Hg and/or diastolic <60 mm Hg) and deemed medically significant by the PI.
