Exclusion Criteria~* Clinically significant and active pulmonary, gastrointestinal, renal, hepatic, endocrine
or cardiovascular system diseases~* Other neurological disorders, including but not limited to stroke,
Parkinson's Disease, seizure disorder, or head injury with loss of consciousness within the past 5 years~*
DSM-IV Axis I disorder other than Alzheimer's Disease, including amnesic disorders, schizophrenia or
schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder, current major depressive episode, psychosis, panic, or
post-traumatic stress disorder~* CT scan or MRI evidence of hydrocephalus, stroke, a space-occupying lesion,
cerebral infection, or any other clinically significant central nervous system disease~* Dementia complicated
by another organic disease~* Dementia complicated by the presence of predominant delusions~* Patients with a
hematological malignancy or solid tumor who are undergoing treatment, who have completed treatment within the
past 6 months, or who still have evidence of active disease~* Current drug or alcohol dependency including
nicotine addiction (smokers)~* Subjects receiving immune-suppressants tricyclic antidepressants anticoagulants
or chemotherapeutic agents~* Hypertension that is poorly controlled or managed~* Any medical or
neurological/neurodegenerative condition (other than AD) that, in the opinion of the Investigator, might be a
contributing cause to the participant's cognitive impairment or could lead to discontinuation, lack of
compliance, interference with study assessments, or safety concerns~* Clinically significant, unstable
psychiatric illness~* Have had a stroke or Transient Ischemic Attack (TIA) or unexplained loss of consciousness
in the past 1 year~* Relevant brain hemorrhage, bleeding disorder and cerebrovascular abnormalities~* History
of unstable angina, myocardial infarction, chronic heart failure or clinically significant conduction
abnormalities within 1 year prior to Screening Visit 1~* Indication of impaired renal or liver function~*
Clinically significant systemic illness or serious infection within 30 days prior to or during the screening
period~* Use of allowed medications for chronic conditions at doses that have not been stable for at least 4
weeks prior to Screening Visit 1, or use of AD medications at doses that have not been stable for at least 8
weeks prior to Screening Visit 1~* Use of any medications that, in the opinion of the Investigator, may
contribute to cognitive impairment, put the participants at higher risk for adverse events (AEs), or impair the
participant's ability to perform cognitive testing or complete study procedures.~* Contraindications to study
procedures
