Exclusion Criteria:~1. Any medical or neurological condition (other than early stage AD) that might be a
contributing cause to the subject's cognitive impairment.~2. History of stroke or multiple (>3 discreet
episodes) Transient Ischemic Attacks (TIAs), severe head trauma with cognitive sequelae, uncontrolled seizures,
or unexplained prolonged loss of consciousness (> 1 minute) during the past year.~3. Clinically significant
major psychiatric illness during the past 6 months.~4. History of unstable angina, myocardial infarction,
chronic heart failure, or clinically significant conduction abnormalities during the past year.~5. Clinically
significant liver or renal disease.~6. Clinically significant abnormality, in the Investigator's judgment, in
hematology, chemistry, or urinalysis.~7. Positive serology results for hepatitis B surface antigen (HbsAg) or
hepatitis C virus (HCV).~8. Abnormal liver function test at the Screening Visit (aspartate aminotransferase or
alanine aminotransferase >2~ Ã— the upper limit of normal \[ULN\], or total bilirubin >1.7 Ã— ULN, based on
appropriate age and gender normal values). Subjects may be re-screened once.~9. Marked hypotension (systolic
blood pressure \[BP\] Ë‚90 mmHg or diastolic BP Ë‚50 mmHg) or hypertension (systolic BP Ëƒ160 mmHg or diastolic
BP Ëƒ100 mmHg) based on sitting values. O ut-of-range results may be repeated once at Screening, and
eligibility must be confirmed at Baseline.~10. Marked bradycardia (heart rate Ë‚45 beats per minute \[bpm\]) or
tachycardia (heart rate Ëƒ115 bpm) based on supine ECG values. Out-of-range results may be repeated once at
Screening, and eligibility must be confirmed at Baseline.~11. Clinically important conduction abnormalities on
ECG, or evidence or history of long QT syndrome based on supine ECG values obtained at Screening. Out-of-range
results may be repeated once and eligibility confirmed at Baseline.~12. Active gastric or duodenal ulcers or
other diseases of the gastrointestinal tract that could interfere with absorption of study drug. Note: Subjects
with a history of appendectomy or cholecystectomy may be enrolled.~13. Active acute or chronic infectious
diseases that would interfere with subject's participation in the study.~14. Unable to discontinue centrally
active medications (other than cholinesterase inhibitors), including memantine, psychotropic drugs other than
SSRIs (which must have been stable for 2 months and remain stable throughout the study), sedative
antihistamines or other centrally active medications with potential cognitive effects (e.g., CNS-penetrant beta
blockers).~15. Unable to discontinue moderate to strong inhibitors or inducers of CYP3A4, CYP2D6, or other
cytochromes at least 14 days prior to the first dose of study drug. A complete listing of such inhibitors or
inducers may be found in http://medicine.iupui.edu/clinpharm/ddis/main-table (Other prescription or
non-prescription drugs such as antihypertensive or cholesterol lowering agents are allowed, if, in the
Investigator's judgement, they would not interfere with the study medication or the cognitive testing.)~16. A
suicidal ideation intensity score of 3 or higher per screening Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale (CSSRS)
assessment on Day 1 (Baseline) and/or any suicidal behavior within the past 28 days.~17. History of chronic
alcohol or other substance abuse, including marijuana, within the previous year prior to the Screening visit
(per the current edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition: DSM-5), or
regular (daily) consumption of alcohol exceeding two bottles of beer, or the equivalent amount of other forms
of alcohol (1 serving = 12 oz beer, 5.0 oz wine, or 1.5 oz distilled spirits).~18. Inability or unwillingness
to comply with the protocol, including performing the cognitive function tests, or likely inability to complete
the study.~19. Participation in other clinical studies involving investigational drug within the previous 30
days prior to the Screening Visit.~20. Donation of blood within 4 weeks, or blood products within 2 weeks,
prior to first study drug administration.~21. History of clinically significant drug allergy that includes
symptoms such as shortness of breath, rash, or edema.~22. Clinically significant B12 deficiency within 12
months prior to Visit 1 (Screening). Participants on stable replacement therapy for a minimum of 3 consecutive
months immediately prior to Visit 1 (Screening) may be included
