Exclusion Criteria:~* Dementia not due to probable Alzheimer's disease~* Pregnancy, breastfeeding. The
rationale is that retinoids are teratogenic and are excreted in breast milk.~* History of clinically
significant stroke~* Modified Hachinski Ischemia score â‰¥ 4~* Current evidence or history in past two years of
epilepsy, seizure, focal brain lesion, head injury with loss of consciousness or DSM IV criteria for any major
psychiatric disorder including psychosis, major depression, bipolar disorder, severe alcohol or substance
abuse.~* Sensory impairment which would prevent subject from participating in or cooperating with the
protocol.~* Use of another investigational agent within two months.~* Evidence of any significant clinical
disorder or laboratory finding that renders the participant unsuitable for receiving an investigational new
drug including clinically significant or unstable hematologic, hepatic, cardiovascular (including history of
ventricular fibrillation or ventricular tachycardia), pulmonary, gastrointestinal, endocrine, metabolic, renal,
or other systemic disease or laboratory abnormality. Abnormal liver function test, including AST, ALT, total
bilirubin, or prothrombin time. The rationale is that retinoids can be hepatotoxic.~* Participants receiving
behavioral medications (including antidepressants, antipsychotics and anxiolytics) must be on stable doses for
at least 4 weeks prior to randomization.~* Active neoplastic disease and any medical conditions requiring
concurrent immunosuppression.~* Hypertriglyceridemia greater than 500 mg/dL despite statin/fibrate therapy. The
rationale is that retinoids can increase lipids, particularly triglyceride and this can lead to pancreatitis.~*
Any medical conditions requiring concurrent use of tetracycline, minocycline, or doxycycline. The rationale is
due to enhanced risk of increased intracranial pressure.~* Hypersensitivity to retinoids.~* Presence of
psychosis or hallucinations at baseline as determined by Neuropsychiatric inventory or Geriatric Depression
Scale-short form greater than or equal to five~* Presence of any unstable cardiovascular disease, uncontrolled
diabetes, chronic inflammatory or infectious conditions. Retinoids have been associated with chest pain of
unclear etiology, increased serum glucose, myelosuppression and increased risk of infection.~* Use of Drugs and
supplements such as: Vitamin A supplements beyond 100% RDA, other immunosuppressants (corticosteroids,
chemotherapeutic agents, etc.), Warfarin , Fish Oil (DHA)~* Any other disease or medical or psychiatric
condition or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with study participation or
investigational product administration or may interfere with the interpretation of study results and, in the
judgment of the investigator, would make the participant inappropriate for entry into this clinical trial.
