Exclusion Criteria:~* Patients who have a progressive medical or neurological condition that in the opinion of
the investigator would interfere with the conduct of the study. Exception: If diagnosed with seizures, must be
on stable anti-seizure medication for at least 3 months prior to screening.~* Current clinically significant
systemic illness that is likely to result in deterioration of the patient's condition or affect the patient's
safety during the study.~* History or clinically evident stroke or clinically significant carotid or
vertebrobasilar stenosis or plaque.~* History of neurologic (e.g. stroke, traumatic brain injury) or
psychiatric condition that the investigator deems may interfere with interpretability of data.~* History of
untreated thyroid disorder, Type 1 diabetes, and insulin dependent or uncontrolled Type II diabetes, as
determined by the investigator (e.g. non-insulin-controlled Type II diabetes, whose HbA1c value is higher than
8.0%).~* Body Mass Index (BMI) > 30.~* History of clinical hepatic dysfunction.~* Current symptomatic and
unstable/uncontrolled gastrointestinal, hepatic, renal, respiratory, cardiovascular, metabolic, immunological,
hematological or hormonal disorders.~* Indication of liver disease, defined by serum levels of ALT (SGPT), AST
(SGOT), or alkaline phosphatase above 3x upper limit of normal (ULN) as determined during screening.~*
Significant history of drug addiction (with the exception of nicotine dependence) or abuse (including alcohol,
as defined in DSM-V or in the opinion of the investigator) within the last two years prior to informed consent,
or a positive urine drug screen for cocaine, opioid, phencyclidine (PCP), amphetamine or marijuana at
screening. Prescription medication yielding a positive drug screen are acceptable except for tricyclic
antidepressants (e.g. Amitriptyline, Amoxapine, Desipramine, (Norpramin) Doxepin, Imipramine (Tofranil),
Nortriptyline (Pamelor), Protriptyline (Vivactil), Trimipramine (Surmontil)).~* Clinically significant
infection within the last 30 days prior screening (e.g., chronic persistent or acute infection, urinary tract
infections (UTI)).~* Treatment with immunosuppressive medications (e.g., systemic corticosteroids) within the
last 90 days (topical and nasal corticosteroids and inhaled corticosteroids for asthma are permitted) or
chemotherapeutic agents for malignancy within the last 3 years.~* Myocardial infarction within the last year.~*
History of cancer within the last 3 years, with the exception of basal cell carcinoma and non-metastatic
squamous cell carcinoma of the skin and prostate cancer with currently normal PSA.~* Other clinically
significant abnormality on physical, neurological, laboratory, or electrocardiogram (ECG) examination (e.g.,
atrial fibrillation) that could compromise the study or be detrimental to the participant.~* Hemoglobin < 11
g/dL.~* Have any contraindication to MRI scanning, including cardiac pacemaker/defibrillator, ferromagnetic
metal implants (e.g., in skull and cardiac devices or severe claustrophobia).~* Smoking > 1 pack of cigarettes
per day (as assessed for the 30 days prior to screening).~* Alcohol use of more than 2 drinks per day.~*
Current use of over-the-counter (OTC) supplements or nutraceuticals unless they are on stable dose for at least
3 months prior to screening and are documented in the eCRF.~* Use of over the counter (OTC) or prescription
medication for sleep on 2 or more occasions per week.~* Being treated with psychoactive medications on a stable
dose for less than 3 month.~* Any prior exposure to ANAVEX2-73.~* Individuals enrolled in previous AD clinical
trial involving an investigational drug treatment less than 3 months ago (longer than 3 month ago allowed).~*
Any known hypersensitivity to any of the excipients contained in the study drug formulation.~* Any other
criteria (such as a clinically significant screening blood test result), which in the opinion of the
Investigator causes the participant not to qualify for the study.~* Evidence of cerebrovascular dementia with a
Hachinski score of 4 or more.
