Exclusion Criteria:~* Has a known history of stroke or cerebrovascular disease that is clinically important in
the investigator's opinion.~* Has diagnosis of a clinically relevant central nervous system (CNS) disease other
than AD dementia (with protocol-specified exceptions).~* Has a history of seizures or epilepsy within the 10
years preceding Screening.~* Has any other major CNS trauma, or infections that affect brain function.~* Has
evidence of a clinically relevant or unstable psychiatric disorder, based on criteria from the diagnostic and
statistical manual of mental disorders (fifth edition), including schizophrenia or other psychotic disorder,
bipolar disorder, major depression, or delirium. Major depression in remission is not exclusionary.~* Has a
severe, acute, or chronic medical or psychiatric condition or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk
associated with study participation or administration intervention.~* Has a history of malignancy occurring
within the 5 years immediately before Screening, except for a participant who has been adequately treated for 1
or more of the following: basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer; in situ cervical cancer; localized prostate
carcinoma; who has undergone potentially curative therapy with no evidence of recurrence for â‰¥3 years
post-therapy, and who is deemed to be at low risk for recurrence.~* Has a risk factor for QTc prolongation.~*
Has a history of alcoholism or drug dependency/abuse within the 5 years preceding screening.~* Has a known
allergy or intolerance to the active or inert ingredients in MK-1942.~* Has received any anti-amyloid agents or
antibodies, or any of the following medications: CNS-penetrant anticholinergics, neuroleptics, anticonvulsants,
narcotics, glutamatergic agents, agents with possible psychotropic effects, and experimental acute respiratory
syndrome coronavirus 2 (COVID-19) therapies.~* Has liver disease, including but not limited to chronic viral
hepatitis, non viral hepatitis, cirrhosis, malignancies, autoimmune liver diseases.~* Has an abnormal
thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) value if confirmed by abnormal T4 value.~* Resides in a nursing home or
assisted care facility with need for direct continuous medical care and nursing supervision. Participant may
reside in such facilities provided continuous direct medical care is not required and a qualified study partner
is available for coparticipation and the participant is physically able to attend all required study visits.~*
Had major surgical procedure or donated or lost >1 unit of blood (approximately 500 mL) within the 4 weeks
before screening.
