Exclusion Criteria:~* Exposure to an experimental drug, experimental biologic or experimental medical device
within the longer of 5 half-lives or 3 months before screening~* Residence in a skilled nursing facility~*
Clinically significant laboratory test results~* Clinically significant untreated hypothyroidism (if treated,
thyroid-stimulating hormone level and thyroid supplementation dose must be stable for at least 6 months before
screening)~* Insufficiently controlled diabetes mellitus or requiring insulin~* Renal insufficiency (serum
creatinine >2.0 mg/dL)~* Malignant tumor within 3 years before screening (except squamous and basal cell
carcinoma or cervical carcinoma in situ or localized prostate cancer or localized stage 1 bladder cancer)~*
History of ischemic colitis or ischemic enterocolitis~* Unstable medical condition that is clinically
significant in the judgment of the investigator~* Alanine transaminase (ALT) or aspartate transaminase (AST) >2
times the upper limit of normal or total bilirubin greater than the upper limit of normal.~* History of
myocardial infarction or unstable angina within 6 months before screening~* History of more than 1 myocardial
infarction within 5 years before screening~* Clinically significant cardiac arrhythmia (including atrial
fibrillation), cardiomyopathy, or cardiac conduction defect (patients with a pacemaker are acceptable)~*
Symptomatic hypotension, or uncontrolled hypertension~* Clinically significant abnormality on screening
electrocardiogram (ECG), including but not necessarily limited to a confirmed corrected QT value ≥ 450 msec for
males or ≥ 470 msec for females.~* Stroke within 18 months before screening, or history of a stroke concomitant
with onset of dementia~* History of brain tumor or other clinically significant space-occupying lesion on CT or
MRI~* Head trauma with clinically significant loss of consciousness within 12 months before screening or
concurrent with the onset of dementia~* Onset of dementia secondary to cardiac arrest, surgery with general
anesthesia, or resuscitation~* Specific degenerative CNS disease diagnosis other than Alzheimer's disease (eg,
Huntington's disease, Creutzfeld-Jacob disease, Down's syndrome, Frontotemporal Dementia, Parkinson's
disease)~* Wernicke's encephalopathy~* Active acute or chronic Central Nervous System infection~* Donepezil 23
mg or greater quaque die currently or within 3 months prior to enrollment in the study~* Discontinued AChEI <
30 days prior to enrollment in the study~* Antipsychotics; low doses are allowed only if given for sleep
disturbances, agitation and/or aggression, and only if the subject has received a stable dose for at least 3
months before enrollment in the study~* Tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors; all other
antidepressants are allowed only if the subject has received a stable dose for at least 3 months before
enrollment in the study~* Anxiolytics or sedative-hypnotics, including barbiturates (unless given in low doses
for benign tremor); low doses of benzodiazepines and zolpidem are allowed only if given for insomnia/sleep
disturbance, and only if the subject has received a stable dose for at least 3 months before enrollment in the
study~* Peripherally acting drugs with effects on cholinergic transmission~* Immunosuppressants, including
systemic corticosteroids, if taken in clinically immunosuppressive doses (Steroid use for allergy or other
inflammation is permitted.)~* Antiepileptic medications if taken for control of seizures~* Chronic intake of
opioid-containing analgesics~* Sedating H1 antihistamines~* Nicotine therapy (all dosage forms including a
patch), varenicline (Chantix), or similar therapeutic agent within 30 days before screening~* Clinically
significant illness within 30 days of enrollment~* History of significant neurological, hepatic, renal,
endocrine, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, pulmonary, or metabolic disease~* Positive serum hepatitis B
surface antigen (HBsAg) or positive hepatitis C virus (HCV) antibody test at screening~* Positive HIV test at
screening~* Loss of a significant volume of blood (> 450 mL) within 4 weeks prior to the study~* Metformin or
cimetidine.
