Exclusion Criteria:~1. Possible, probable, or definite vascular dementia according to National Institute of
Neurological Disorders and Stroke/Association Internationale pur la Recherche et I'Enseignement en
Neurosciences (NINDS-AIREN)~2. History and/or evidence (computed tomography \[CT\] or magnetic resonance
imaging \[MRI\] findings obtained within the past 12 months or at screening) of other central nervous system
(CNS) disorders (cerebrovascular disease, structural or developmental anomaly, epilepsy, or communicable,
degenerative, or infectious/demyelinating CNS conditions) as a cause of dementia Note: >3 lacunar infarcts over
10 mm each, or severe white matter disease equaling a rating of 3 on the age-related white matter changes
(ARWMC scale) should be excluded in the study.~3. Illiteracy~4. Treatment with other anti-dementia drugs
(galantamine, memantine, rivastigmine, tacrine), except donepezil, within the past 3 months from the date of
informed consent~5. Treatment with any of the following drugs within the past 2 weeks from the date of informed
consent~ * CNS stimulants: methylphenidate, modafinil, pemoline, atomoxetine~ * Typical antipsychotics:
bromperidol, chlorpromazine, haloperidol~ * Anticholinergics: atropine, glycopyrrolate, scopolamine,
homatropine, ipratropium (short term \[within 3 days\] use of anticholinergics for the purpose of antispasmodic
action on the digestive system is permitted.)~6. Abnormal blood test findings as follows at the screening
test:~ * Aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and/or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) ≥2.5 x upper limit of normal~ *
A serum creatinine level of ≥1.5 Ã— ULN for the reference laboratory, or a calculated creatinine clearance by
the Cockcroft-Gault equation of ≤50mL/min~7. Clinically significant abnormal vitamin B12, syphilis serology, or
thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) test findings considered to contribute to the severity of dementia or to be
attributable to dementia~ Note:~ 1. Clinically significant untreated B12 should be excluded in the study.
Subjects are eligible if B12 deficiency is stable after the treatment.~ 2. If the subject has tested False
positive for syphilis test, based on the investigator's judgment, further test can be performed to get the
final result.~ 3. TSH >10mIU/L should be excluded in the study.~8. Diagnosis of serious mental disease based on
DSM-5 criteria, including depressive disorder,, schizophrenia, alcoholism, drug dependency, etc.~9. Parkinson's
disease or parkinsonian syndrome~10. Clinically significant electrocardiogram (ECG) abnormalities at screening
(heart rate <50 beats/min, atrial and ventricular conduction disorders such as 2nd degree atrioventricular
block, QTc interval >480ms)~11. History of unstable angina pectoris, myocardial infarction, transient ischemic
attack, or coronary intervention including coronary bypass within the past 6 months from the date of informed
consent~12. History of severe traumatic head injury with loss of consciousness within the past 6 months from
the date of informed consent~13. Asthma or obstructive pulmonary disease requiring medication~14.
Gastrointestinal disorders that may affect the absorption, distribution, and metabolism of the study drug
(e.g., inflammatory bowel disease, gastric or duodenal ulcer, hepatic disease)~15. Uncontrolled diabetes
mellitus (defined as HbA1c>9.0%)~16. Administration of other investigational products within 3 months prior to
treatment with the investigational product (Day 0)~17. Hypersensitivity reactions to donepezil HCl, piperidine
derivatives, or any of the components of the study drug~18. Pregnant or lactating woman or woman of
childbearing potential who does not agree to use an effective method of contraception.~ : Recommended effective
methods of birth control include diaphragm plus spermicide or male condom plus spermicide, oral contraceptive
in combination with a second method, contraceptive implant, injectable contraceptive, indwelling intrauterine
device, sexual abstinence, and vasectomized partners. The subject/investigator can discuss any other best
method that suits the subject.~19. Hereditary problems such as galactose intolerance, Lapp lactase deficiency,
or glucose-galactose malabsorption~20. Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) positive or Acquired Immune
Deficiency Syndrome (AIDs)~21. History of malignant disease, including solid tumors and hematologic
malignancies (except basal cell and squamous cell carcinomas of the skin that have been completely excised and
are considered cured, and cervical carcinoma in situ). Cancer survivors not on maintenance therapy that had no
malignant disease history within the past 5 years could be recruited.~22. Individual considered by the
investigator to be ineligible for study participation for other reasons, including having a condition that may
affect the assessment of study results
