Exclusion Criteria:~* Current use, or use within 3 months of baseline, of medium-chain triglyceride-containing
products~* Use of any other investigational agent within 60 days prior to screening~* Known allergy or
hypersensitivity to milk or soy products~* In the opinion of the investigator, presence or history of advanced,
severe, progressive or unstable disease of any type that could interfere with protocol assessments or put the
participant at particular risk~* Any medical or neurological condition other than Alzheimer's disease that
could explain the patient's dementia~* History or clinical laboratory evidence of moderate congestive heart
failure~* Clinically significant ECG abnormalities at screening~* History of new cardiovascular events within 6
months prior to baseline~* History of or current psychiatric illness~* Major depression as determined by
Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia~* Insulin-dependent diabetics~* Systolic blood pressure > 165 mmHg or
diastolic blood pressure > 95 mmHg~* Drop of 20 mm Hg systolic blood pressure or greater upon standing upright
from a seated position within 3 minutes at screening~* Clinically significant anemia at screening~* Clinically
significant renal disease or insufficiency at screening~* Laboratory values for liver function tests > 2.5
times the upper limit of normal at screening or history of severe liver disease~* Fasting triglycerides > 2.5
times the upper limit of normal at screening~* Clinically significant B12 deficiency within 12 month prior to
screening~* Inflammatory bowel disease or peptic ulcer disease.~* Participants with current or a history of
(within the last 5 years) complicated reflux disease or severe GERD that is not well-controlled by
medication.~* Irritable bowel syndrome, diverticular disease (e.g., diverticulosis or diverticulitis), or
chronic gastritis (exclusionary if there has been a diagnosis or an acute event within 5 years prior to
Screening.)~* Has donated â‰¥ 2 units of blood within the 2 months prior to screening~* History of alcohol or
drug abuse within 6 months prior to screening, or positive urine drug test at screening~* Participant or
caregiver is an immediate family member or employee of the clinical site, sponsor or sponsor's agents~* An
alternative cause for dementia other than Alzheimer's disease as determined by a required CT or MRI scan within
18 months prior to screening~* History of neoplasm or malignancies within 5 years prior to screening, except
for basal cell or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin~* Clinically significant hypothyroidism as determined
thyroid function testing at screening~* Participant has scheduled or expected hospitalization and/or surgery
during the course of the study
