Exclusion Criteria:~1. With large vessel thrombosis (thrombotic stroke occurring in large arteries)~2. With
radiological evidence of other brain disorders (subdural hematoma, post-traumatic / post-surgery)~3. With
dementia caused by other brain diseases except Alzheimer's disease and vascular dementia (e.g. Parkinson's
disease, demyelinated disease of the central nervous system, tumor, hydrocephalus, head injury, central nervous
system infection including syphilis, acquired immune deficiency syndrome, etc.)~4. With clinical evidence of
pulmonary, hepatic, gastrointestinal, metabolic, endocrine or other life threatening diseases judged by
investigators not suitable to enter the study~5. With clinically unstable hypertension, diabetes mellitus, and
cardiac disease for the last 3 months~6. Ever hospitalized for stroke or with acute coronary syndrome in the
previous 3 months prior to screening~7. Drug or alcohol abuse within the previous 12 months of screening.~8.
With one of the following abnormal laboratory parameters: hemoglobin < 10 mg/dL or platelet < 100\*109/L;
creatinine or total bilirubin more than 1.5 times the upper limit value; alanine aminotransferase (ALT),
aspartate aminotransferase (AST), alkaline phosphates (ALP), Î³-glutamyl transferase (Î³-GT) more than 2 times
the upper limit of normal, or thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH) more than 2.5 times the upper limit value or
less than the lower limit value of normal~9. With severe depression graded by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual
of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5) and Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia (CSDD)~10. With any
uncontrolled illness (including, but not limited to, any of the following: ongoing or active infection
including hepatitis B, C, and HIV, active bleeding, symptomatic congestive heart failure, uncontrolled
hypertension, unstable angina pectoris or, cardiac arrhythmia) judged by the investigator that entering the
trial may be detrimental to the patient~11. With known or suspected hypersensitivity to any ingredients of
study product and vehicle~12. Pregnant or lactating or premenopausal with childbearing potential but not taking
reliable contraceptive method(s) during the study period~ Note: Reliable contraceptive methods will consider as
below:~ 1. Established use of oral, injected or implanted hormonal methods of contraception > 3 months prior to
baseline.~ 2. Placement of an intrauterine device (IUD) or intrauterine system (IUS) > 3 months prior to
baseline.~ 3. Barrier methods of contraception: Condom or Occlusive cap (diaphragm or cervical/vault caps) with
spermicidal foam/gel/film/cream/suppository~ 4. Partner male sterilization (i.e., vasectomy) > 1 month of
screening~13. Enrollment in any investigational drug trial within 4 weeks of screening visit~14. Experienced
dosage increment of routinely use in drugs listed as follows within past three months before Screening visit~
1. medications/treatments for Alzheimer's disease or vascular dementia~ 2. antipsychotic medications including
but not limited to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), benzodiazepine (BZD)~ 3. Vitamin B12~ 4.
drugs for thyroid disease~15. Current antiplatelet drug (antiaggregant) except dosage including but not limited
to aspirin ≤ 100mg/day, clopidogrel ≤ 75mg/day, ticagrelor ≤ 180mg/day, dipyridamole ≤ 400mg/day~16. Caregivers
who have psychotic symptoms, are imminently suicidal, have an unstable medical condition (e.g. recent heart
attack, recent stroke, episodes of dizziness, fainting attacks) or significant orthopaedic problems.
