Exclusion Criteria:~* The patient has evidence of any clinically significant neurodegenerative disease or other
serious neurological disorders other than AD including but not limited to Lewy body dementia, fronto-temporal
dementia, Parkinson's disease, Huntington's disease, major cortical stroke, major head trauma and, primary or
secondary cerebral neoplasia.~* The patient has a Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th
edition, Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR) Axis I disorder other than AD including amnestic disorders, major depressive
disorder, delirium, schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, bipolar disorder, psychosis, panic, post
traumatic stress disorder or/and cognitive disorder not otherwise specified.~* The patient has clinical and
radiological findings that fulfil the standards of the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke
and Association Internationale pour la RecherchÃ© et l'Enseignement en Neurosciences (NINDS-AIREN) criteria for
vascular dementia.~* The patient has CT or MRI evidence of hydrocephalus, stroke, a space-occupying lesion,
cerebral infection or any clinically significant central nervous system disease other than AD.~* The patient
has clinically significant abnormal vital signs.~* The patient has one or more laboratory values outside the
normal range, based on the blood or urine samples, which are, in the investigator's judgement, considered to be
clinically significant.~* The patient has a clinically significant abnormal ECG.~* The patient has an
oncological diagnosis (haematological or solid tumour) that is currently being treated, or for which there has
been treatment within 5 years preceding screening, or for which there is still evidence of active disease
(patients with local dermatological tumours such as basal or squamous cell carcinoma may be included).~* The
patient's donepezil therapy is likely to be interrupted or discontinued during the study.~* The patient has a
disease or takes medication that, in the investigator's judgement, could interfere with the assessments of
safety, tolerability, or efficacy.~* The patient is, in the investigator's judgement, unlikely to comply with
the clinical study protocol or is unsuitable for any reason.~* The patient is a member of the site personnel or
their immediate families.~* The patient is treated against his/her will (for example, by court order).~* The
patient or patient caregiver is unwilling or unable to abide by the visit schedule and other requirements of
the study.
