Exclusion Criteria:~* Unstable diabetes or insulin use~* Unable to participate in FDG-PET scanning~* Inability
to undergo a clinical MRI of the brain~* Diagnosis of significant neurological/psychiatric disease other than
AD~* History of moderate or severe congestive heart failure, NYHA class III or IV, within 12 months prior to
baseline.~* Previous cardiovascular event within the past 6 months prior to baseline~* Subject is pregnant, or
lactating.~* ALT and/or AST levels that are twice the upper limit of normal; bilirubin levels that exceed 2
mg/dL; serum creatinine >1.5 mg/dL in men or > 1.4 mg/dL in women.~* Current or history of severe or unstable
disorder (medical or psychiatric) requiring treatment that may make the subject unlikely to complete the
study.~* Current use of fluvoxamine.~* Current unstable use of warfarin.~* Current use (within 30 days of
baseline, visit 2) of certain highly protein-bound medications~* Malignancy within the last 5 years (other than
non-melanoma skin cancer, stable, non-progressive prostate cancer not requiring treatment or in situ cervical
cancer).~* Known history of HIV, hepatitis B, or hepatitis C.~* Blood pressure greater than 160/100 mmHg.~*
Known or suspected intolerance or hypersensitivity to the study drugs, closely related compounds, or any of
their stated ingredients.~* History of alcohol, drug abuse or dependence (except nicotine dependence) within 2
years.~* Investigational amyloid lowering therapies use within two months prior to baseline~* Have participated
in any other investigational study or received an investigational drug within 30 days or 5 half-lives
(whichever is longer) prior to baseline~* Any surgical or medical condition which may significantly alter the
absorption of any drug substance~* Resides in hospital or moderate to high dependency continuous care
facility.~* Non ambulatory, or wheelchair-bound~* History of swallowing difficulties.~* Evidence of clinically
relevant pathology that in the investigator's opinion could interfere with the study results or put the
subject's safety at risk.~Expanded Access Extension :~Subjects must continue to meet the main study
inclusion/exclusion criteria to insure continued safety to continue on a 6 months study extension
