Exclusion Criteria:~* Unstable medical illnesses including hepatic insufficiency (elevated ALT, AST, or GGT; or
low albumin attributable to liver disease), renal insufficiency (CK-EPI stage 4 or higher, or estimated GFR
<30)~* Unstable ischemic cardiovascular disease, respiratory failure, moderate or severe congestive heart
failure - New York Heart Association class III or IV, cancer, unstable hematologic disease or a life expectancy
of <3 years~* Use of experimental AD treatments~* Unable to undergo MRI scanning (e.g. pacemaker, metallic
implants, severe claustrophobia)~* History of chronic psychiatric illness (e.g. schizophrenia), any episode of
major depression within last 2 years, or current Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) > 6, any recent suicide
attempts or suicidal ideation. Subjects with a diagnosis of bipolar disorder may be included if they have been
clinically stable for a minimum of 3 years prior to the Screening visit. Clinical stability to be determined by
the Principal Investigator.~* History of a serious infectious disease affecting the brain (including
neurosyphilis, meningitis, or encephalitis), head trauma resulting in any persistent cognitive deficit~*
History of alcohol or drug abuse/dependence within the past 5 years~* Known allergy to chemically related
compounds (e.g. clotrimazole)~* Lack of good venous access, such that multiple blood draws would be precluded~*
Regular use of any of these CNS active medications: benzodiazepines, antipsychotics, narcotics, or
anti-epileptic drugs. Exceptions may be allowed by the Principal Investigator for regular use of low doses of
CNS active medications. Subjects using any of these treatments will be instructed to hold their dose on the
evening prior and the day of the efficacy visits (Baseline, Week 26 and Week 52). Stable doses (> 6 weeks) of
cholinesterase inhibitors or memantine will be allowed, as will stable doses of anti-depressants.~* Female
subjects who are pregnant or breastfeeding or who plan to become pregnant during participation in this trial~*
Inability to swallow oral tablets~Exclusions for Cerebrospinal Fluid (CSF) Sub-study:~* Presence of an
implanted shunt for the drainage of CSF or an implanted CNS catheter~* History of bleeding diathesis or
coagulopathy,~* On anticoagulant therapy (within 14 days of lumbar puncture (LP), including but not limited to
warfarin, heparin, dabigatran, rivaroxaban, and apixaban,~* Requires daily antiplatelet therapy, including but
not limited to aspirin (unless < 81mg/day), clopidogrel, dipyridamole, and ticlopiidinegrel. However, the
investigators will not exclude those who can safely hold antiplatelet therapy for 7 days prior to LP. Safety
will be determined by the participant's Primary Care Provider and study PI.~* For those who take antiplatelet
therapy intermittently (e.g. aspirin as needed for pain), the investigators will exclude any doses within 48
hours of the LP or more than two dosses within 7 days of LP.~* platelet count less than the lower limit of
normal (platelet counts between 100,000 and 150,000 mm3 are permissible as long as the investigator confirms
there is no evidence of current bleeding diathesis or coagulopathy)~* The investigators will require INR/PT and
aPTT labs to be done within 14 days of LP and will exclude those with INR > 1.30 or abnormally elevated
aPTT.~Exclusions for PET Sub-Study:~* Does not have good venous access, such that multiple blood draws would be
precluded~* Prior radiation exposure of > 2 rem total within last 12 months.~* Probable AD dementia patients
with a global cortical SUVr < 1.08.
