Exclusion Criteria:~* Significant central nervous system (CNS) disorder other than Alzheimer's disease~*
Significant focal or vascular intracranial pathology seen on brain MRI scan~* Clinical evidence or history of
stroke, transient ischemic attack, significant head injury or other unexplained or recurrent loss of
consciousness â‰¥15 minutes~* Epilepsy~* Major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, or other psychotic disorders,
bipolar disorder, substance (including alcohol) related disorders~* Metal implants in the head (except dental),
pacemaker, cochlear implants, or any other non-removable items that are contraindications to MRI~* Resides in
hospital or moderate to high dependency continuous care facility~* History of swallowing difficulties~*
Pregnant or breastfeeding~* Glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency~* History of significant hematological
abnormality or current acute or chronic clinically significant abnormality~* Abnormal serum chemistry
laboratory value at Screening deemed to be clinically relevant by the investigator~* Clinically significant
cardiovascular disease or abnormal assessments~* Preexisting or current signs or symptoms of respiratory
failure~* Concurrent acute or chronic clinically significant immunologic, hepatic, or endocrine disease (not
adequately treated) and/or other unstable or major disease other than Alzheimer's disease~* Diagnosis of cancer
within the past 2 years prior to Baseline (other than basal cell or squamous cell skin cancer or Stage 1
prostate cancer) unless treatment has resulted in complete freedom from disease for at least 2 years~* Prior
intolerance or hypersensitivity to methylthioninium-containing drug, similar organic dyes, or any of the
excipients~* Treatment currently or within 3 months before Baseline with any of the following medications
(unless otherwise noted):~ * Tacrine~ * Clozapine, olanzapine (and there is no intent to initiate therapy
during the course of the study)~ * Carbamazepine, primidone~ * Drugs with a warning or precaution in the
labeling of methemoglobinemia at approved doses~* Current or prior participation in a clinical trial as
follows:~ * Clinical trial of a product for cognition in which the last dose was received within 90 days prior
to Screening (unless confirmed to have been randomized to placebo)~ * A clinical trial of a drug, biologic,
device, or medical food in which the last dose/administration was received within 28 days prior to Baseline
