Exclusion Criteria:~1. Lack of peripheral venous access.~2. Uncorrected impairment of vision or hearing that
would preclude the subject from taking tests, or subjects lacking the ability to communicate.~3. Inability to
tolerate MRI procedures or contraindication to MRI, including but not limited to MRI incompatible pacemakers;
implantable cardioverter defibrillators; cochlear implants; cerebral aneurysm clips; implanted infusion pumps;
implanted nerve stimulators; metallic splinters in the eye; other magnetic, electronic, or mechanical implants;
or any other clinical history or examination finding that, in the judgment of the Investigator, would pose a
potential hazard in combination with MRI.~4. Severe or unstable medical condition that, in the opinion of the
Investigator or Sponsor, would interfere with the subject's ability to complete the study assessments.~5.
History or presence of clinically evident vascular disease potentially affecting the brain (eg, stroke,
clinically significant carotid or vertebral stenosis or plaque, aortic aneurysm, intracranial aneurysm,
cerebral hemorrhage, arteriovenous malformation).~6. History of severe, clinically significant (persistent
neurologic deficit or structural brain damage) central nervous system trauma (eg, cerebral contusion).~7.
History or presence of intracranial tumor (eg, meningioma, glioma).~8. Presence of infections that affect the
brain function or history of infections that resulted in neurologic sequelae (eg, syphilis, neuroborreliosis,
viral or bacterial meningitis/encephalitis,human immunodeficiency virus encephalopathy).~9. History or presence
of systemic autoimmune disorders potentially causing progressive neurologic disease (eg, multiple sclerosis,
lupus erythematosus, anti-phospholipid antibody syndrome, BehÃ§et disease).~10. History or presence of
psychiatric disease other than AD that may affect cognition or prevent completion of study procedures,
including but not limited to clinically significant major psychiatric disorder according to the criteria of the
Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-V (DSM-V) (eg, major depression, schizophrenia, bipolar
disorder).~ â€¢ A history of major depression is acceptable if no episode has been reported within the previous
5 years.~11. History or presence of a neurologic disease other than AD that may affect cognition, including but
not limited to Parkinson's disease, corticobasal degeneration, dementia with Lewy bodies, Creutzfeldt-Jakob
disease, progressive supranuclear palsy, frontotemporal degeneration, Huntington's disease, normal pressure
hydrocephalus, and hypoxia.~12. History of seizures with the exception of childhood febrile seizures.~13. Known
or suspected history of alcohol or drug abuse within the previous 5 years (DSM-V criteria).~14. Evidence of
malignancies, acute infections, renal failure that requires dialysis, or other unstable medical disease not
related to AD that in the Investigator's opinion would preclude subject participation.~ â€¢ This does not
include any cancer (except adequately treated basal or squamous cell skin cancer) that is not being actively
treated with anti-cancer drugs or radiotherapy as well as cancers that are considered to have low probability
of recurrence (with supporting documentation of this from the treating oncologist, if possible).~15. History or
presence of atrial fibrillation that poses a risk for future stroke in the Investigator's judgment.~16. Severe
heart disease (history of myocardial infarction, congestive heart disease, history of unstable angina pectoris,
clinically significant ECG abnormality) within 6 months prior to screening. Subjects with peripheral arterial
disease will not be excluded if they are stable for at least 6 months prior to screening.~17. Clinically
significant vital signs, laboratory, or ECG abnormalities (eg, abnormally prolonged or shortened heart rate,
clinical significant arrhythmias, corrected QT interval \[QTcF\] >450 ms) in the Investigator's judgement. ECG
abnormalities should be confirmed by Investigator based on the central read results provided by the ECG core
laboratory (Medpace Cardiovascular Core Laboratory \[MCCL\]).~18. Subjects must not have an estimated
glomerular filtration rate of <30 mL/min/1.73 m2, at screening.~19. Impaired hepatic function, as indicated by
transaminases >2 times the upper limit of normal or abnormalities in synthetic function tests judged by the
Investigator to be clinically significant.~20. Evidence of poorly-controlled diabetes (glycosylated hemoglobin
>8.0%).~21. Presence of superficial siderosis of central nervous system, or >4 cerebral microhemorrhages, or
evidence of a prior cerebral macrohemorrhage as assessed by T2\*-weighted gradient-recalled-echo (GRE) MRI.~22.
Presence of significant cerebral vascular pathology as assessed by MRI.~23. Treatment with any investigational
agent within 5 half-lives or 4 weeks prior to screening, whichever is longer.~24. Cognitive dysfunction that
might be due to past or current medication (eg, chemotherapy, steroids).~25. Treatment with any biologic
therapy within 5 half-lives or 3 months prior to screening, whichever is longer, or any subject who has been in
an Alzheimer AÎ² or tau vaccination trial unless known to have received only placebo.~26. Treatment with
anticholinergic antidepressants, typical antipsychotics, or barbiturates.~27. Chronic use of opiates, opioids,
or benzodiazepines:~ â€¢ Intermittent short-term use is allowed except within 5 half-lives prior to any
neurocognitive assessment.~28. Use or intention to use any medications/products that are cytochrome P450
(CYP)3A4 substrates with narrow therapeutic indexes.~29. Use or intention to use any medications/products that
are known to be strong inducers/inhibitors of CYP3A4 within 7 days prior to the first dose and throughout the
period of study drug administration.~30. Consumption of grapefruit juice or grapefruit-containing products
within 7 days prior to the first dose and throughout the period of study drug administration.
