Exclusion Criteria:~* Poorly controlled hypertension despite lifestyle modifications and/or pharmacotherapy.~*
Pulmonary disease, including asthma if requiring the use of a Î²2-Adrenergic bronchodilator, or evidence of
clinically significant moderate or severe pulmonary symptoms.~* Clinical signs indicating syndromes such as
corticobasal degeneration, supranuclear gaze palsy, multiple system atrophy, chronic traumatic encephalopathy,
signs of frontal dementia, history of stroke, head injury or encephalitis, cerebellar signs, early severe
autonomic involvement, or Babinski sign.~* Current evidence or history in past two years of epilepsy, focal
brain lesion, head injury with loss of consciousness or meeting DSM-IV diagnostic criteria for psychotic
disorders.~* Evidence of any significant clinical disorder or laboratory finding (or in the case of potassium
levels below normal range) that renders the participant unsuitable for receiving an investigational drug.~*
History of malignant disease, including solid tumors and hematologic malignancies (except basal cell and
squamous cell carcinomas of the skin that have been completely excised and are considered cured).~* Any
clinically significant illness or disease as determined by medical and surgical history, physical examination,
12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG) and clinical laboratory assessments conducted at Screening.~* Clinically
significant abnormalities of ECG, including QTcF > 450 ms, for males and QTcF > 470 ms for females, and/or HR <
50 beats per minute, or evidence of clinically significant bundle branch blocks, as indicated by 12-lead ECG.~*
Calculated creatinine clearance of ≤70 mL/min according to the Cockcroft-Gault equation.~* Current use of any
prohibited prescription medication (high-dose aspirin, paracetamol or levodopa, Î²-AR agonists or Î²-AR
blockers, hypnotics or benzodiazepines other than clonazepam, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, opioids ),
over-the-counter medication, or herbal supplements/products.~* Prior treatment with any investigational drug
≤90 days prior to dosing (Day 1), or ≤5 half-lives of the drug (whichever is longer), or current enrollment in
any other study treatment or disease study, except for observational studies.~* Known or suspected alcohol or
substance abuse within the past 12 months and/or positive test for alcohol or drugs of abuse.~* Active suicidal
ideation within 3 months prior to study Screening.~* Positive screening test for hepatitis C antibody (HCV Ab)
or current hepatitis B infection (defined as positive for hepatitis B surface antigen \[HBsAg\] at
Screening).~* Positive screening test for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).~* Current infection with severe
acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2).~* Contraindications to wearing the BioStamp digital
device sensors, which include but are not limited to implanted pacemakers, defibrillators, or other active
implantable devices.~* Known allergies or hypersensitivities to adhesives or hydrogel.~* Other reasons for
which the PI considers it is not in the best interest of the participant to undertake the study.
