Exclusion Criteria:~1. Any other cause of dementia shown by MRI/CT findings within 2 years of screening and
neurological examination at screening and Day 1.~ * Possible, probable, or definite vascular dementia according
to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke and Association Internationale pour la
RecherchÃ© et l'Enseignement en Neurosciences (NINDS-AIREN) criteria.~ * Evidence of significant abnormality
that would suggest another potential etiology for dementia (eg, evidence of cerebral contusion,
encephalomalacia, aneurysm, vascular malformation, >5 microhemorrhages, macrohemorrhage, single infarct >1
cm3).~ * Other central nervous system diseases that may cause cognitive impairment (eg, cerebrovascular disease
including cerebrovascular dementia, Parkinsonism, Huntington's disease, subdural hematoma, normal pressure
hydrocephalus, brain tumor, Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease).~2. Concurrent or history of schizophrenia or bipolar
disorder; OR any other clinically significant psychiatric conditions that in the Investigator's opinion
prevents the participant from participating, or is likely to confound interpretation of drug effect or affect
cognitive assessments or participant safety; OR the presence or history of suicidal attempts or suicidal
ideation evidenced by endorsing Items 4 or 5 of the C-SSRS at screening or Day 1, endorsing any suicidal
behavior item on the C-SSRS Since Last Visit form on Day 1, or any suicide attempt within 2 years prior to
screening.~3. Vitamin B12, folic acid, syphilis serology, and thyroid stimulating hormone (TSH) results that
are thought to contribute to the severity of dementia or cause dementia. Participants may be enrolled if in the
Investigator's medical judgment, the abnormal laboratory values are not the cause of the cognitive symptoms.~4.
History of known or suspected seizures including febrile seizures (excluding self-limited childhood febrile
seizures), a history of significant head trauma with loss of consciousness or recent unconsciousness that is
not explained.~5. Acute or unstable cardiovascular disease, active peptic ulcer, uncontrolled hypertension,
uncontrolled diabetes or insulin dependent patients or any medical condition that may interfere with the
completion of the clinical study.~6. Known allergies, hypersensitivity, or intolerance to GV1001 or similar
products or excipients.~7. History of alcohol, substance abuse or dependence as per DSM-V criteria (except
nicotine dependence) within the last 2 years.~8. Concurrent malignancies or invasive cancers diagnosed within
the past 5 years except for non-metastatic basal cell carcinoma or squamous cell carcinoma of skin, in situ
carcinoma of the uterine cervix or non-metastatic prostate cancer.~9. Sexually-active WOCBP or man capable of
fathering a child who do not consent to using medicinally acceptable contraception (such as surgical
sterilization, intrauterine contraceptive device, condom or diaphragm, an injectable or inserted contraceptive)
during the study and for 3 months after the last dose of study treatment.~10. Pregnant, breast feeding, or
planning a pregnancy or fathering a child while enrolled in the study or for 3 months after the last dose of
study treatment.~11. Use of anxiolytics, narcotics, or sleep aids in a manner that would interfere with
cognitive testing, in the opinion of the Investigator. Atypical antipsychotics may be used at the discretion of
the Investigator. Tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors are prohibited~12. Previous
treatment with GV1001.~13. Received an investigational product for AD within the last 6 months.~14.
Participated in another clinical study within 4 weeks prior to this study.~15. Treated with aducanumab or
participated in a clinical study with aducanumab.~16. Renal impairment (creatinine clearance \[CrCL\] <30
mL/min).~17. Severe liver dysfunction (alanine aminotransferase \[ALT\] or aspartate aminotransferase \[AST\]
>2 times the upper limit of normal \[ULN\]).~18. Body weight ≤35 kg.~19. Resides in a moderate to high
dependency continuous care facility (residence in low grade assisted living facility where there is sufficient
autonomy to permit valid evaluation of activities of daily living is allowed).~20. Any other reason that in the
opinion of the Investigator would make the participant ineligible to participate or to complete this study.~
\[Additional Exclusion Criterion for Sites in France\]~21. Patients deprived of their liberty by a judicial or
administrative decision, and/or persons under psychiatric care within the meaning of Article L1121-6 of the
Public Health Code.
