Exclusion Criteria:~Subject has/have/is~* medical history and/or clinically determined evidence of other
central nervous system (CNS) disorders including, but not limited to brain tumor, active subdural hematoma,
seizure disorder, multiple sclerosis, dementia with Lewy bodies, vascular dementia, corticobasal syndrome,
progressive supranuclear palsy, Parkinson's disease, multiple system atrophy, frontotemporal dementia, normal
pressure hydrocephalus, Huntington's disease, or Jakob-Creutzfeldt disease presenting as dementia~* medical
history and/or clinically determined disorders: current B12 deficiency, chronic sinusitis, any untreated
thyroid disease, significant head trauma and history of difficulty with smell and/or taste prior to AD
diagnosis~* history of any of the following: moderate to severe pulmonary disease, poorly controlled congestive
heart failure, significant cardiovascular and/or cerebrovascular events within previous 6 months, condition
known to affect absorption, distribution, metabolism, or excretion of drugs such as any hepatic, renal or
gastrointestinal disease or any other clinically relevant abnormality that inclusion would pose a safety risk
to the subject as determined by investigator~* previous nasal and/or oto-pharyngeal surgery and severe deviated
septum and/or other anomalies~* history of any psychiatric illness, with the exception of major depressive and
anxiety disorder (according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, version 5, Text Revision
(DSM-IV TR)) currently in remission or stable with treatment for > 2 yrs, or any other psychiatric condition
that inclusion would pose a safety risk to the subject as determined by investigator~* currently taking any
medications, herbals and food supplements that are medically/clinically contraindicated as determined by
investigator in order to comply with procedural testing of cognitive function as well as ensure study safety.
See list of prohibited medications and compounds~* undergone a recent change (<1mo) in their prescribed
acetylcholinesterase inhibitor (e.g. donepezil, rivastigmine, galantamine) or memantine.~* undergone a recent
change (<1mo) in their selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitor (SSRI) or anti-depressant medication~* current
or recent drug or alcohol abuse or dependence as defined by DSM-IV TR~* laboratory results that are medically
relevant, in which inclusion would pose a safety risk to the subject as determined by investigator~*
participated in any other research study at least 3 mos prior to this study~* an insulin allergy
