Exclusion Criteria:~* Dementia due to any condition other than AD, including vascular dementia (modified
Hachinski Ischemic Scale â‰¥ 5; positive NINDS-AIREN criteria)~* Evidence of clinically significant unstable
cardiovascular, renal, hepatic, gastrointestinal, neurological, or metabolic disease within the past 6 months
(as determined by medical history, ECG results, chest x-ray, or physical examination)~* Use of any drug within
14 days prior to randomization unless the dose of the drug \& the condition being treated have been stable for
at least 30 days \& are expected to remain stable during the study \& neither the drug nor the condition being
treated is expected to interfere with the study endpoints~* Any medical or psychiatric condition that may
require medication or surgical treatment during the study~* Life expectancy less than 6 months~* Any other
screening laboratory values outside the normal ranges that are deemed clinically significant by the
investigator~* Use of an investigational drug within 30 days prior to the screening visit or during the entire
study~* Significant neurological disease other than AD, including cerebral tumor, Huntington's Disease,
Parkinson's Disease, normal pressure hydrocephalus, \& other entities~* Major depression according to DSM-IV~*
Psychotic episodes requiring hospitalization or antipsychotic therapy for more than 2 weeks within the past 10
yrs, not linked to AD~* Agitation sufficient to preclude participation in this trial~* Alcohol or drug
dependence diagnosed within the past 10 yrs~* Epilepsy or anti-epileptic drug therapy~* Abnormal laboratory
tests that might point to another etiology for dementia: serum B12, folate, thyroid functions, electrolytes,
syphilis serology~* Musculoskeletal diseases that could interfere with assessment~* Acute or poorly controlled
medical illness: blood pressure> 180 mmHg systolic or 100 mmHg diastolic; myocardial infarction within 6
months; uncompensated congestive heart failure (NYHA Class III or IV), severe renal, hepatic or
gastrointestinal disease that could alter drug pharmacokinetics; blood glucose > 180 mg/dl on repeated testing
at entry into study or need for insulin therapy~* Previous randomization in this trial or participation in
another investigational trial < 2 months prior to randomization~* Likelihood, according to clinical judgment,
of being transferred to a nursing home within 6 months~* Change in dosage of any concomitant antidepressant
within 30 days prior to randomization~* Lack of caregiver~* Pregnant or lactating females~* Patients who in the
judgment of the Investigator may be unreliable or uncooperative with the evaluation procedures outlined in this
protocol~* HIV positive~* Hepatitis B or C positive~* Concomitant use of medications other than AD or
antidepressant medications for which the dose regimens are stabilized for at least 30 days prior to enrollment
in study
