Exclusion Criteria:~* Female patients who are pregnant, nursing, or of childbearing potential while not
practicing effective contraception~* Patients who have signs of delirium~* Patients who have had a cortical
stroke within the preceding 2 years~* Patients who have a prolonged QTc interval at screening; >450 msec for
males or >470 msec for females~* Patients who have a diagnosis of severe white matter hyperintensity (WMH),
which is defined as ≥25mm of the deep white matter and ≥10mm of the periventricular capping/banding in
lengths~* Patients who have a diagnosis of dementia or cause of cognitive impairment other than AD~* Patients
who have a significant abnormal result in laboratory tests, in the opinion of the investigator~* Patients who
have participated in any investigational drug, stem cell therapy, or device trial within the previous 3 months
at screening~* Patients with any current psychiatric diagnosis other than AD if, in the judgment of the
investigator, the psychiatric disorder or symptom is likely to confound interpretation of drug effect, affect
cognitive assessments, or affect the subjectÂ´s ability to complete the study~* Patients who are known to have
autosomal dominant mutation-associated presenile AD~* Patients who show signs of Acquired Immunodeficiency
Syndrome (AIDS), Hepatitis B Virus (HBV), Hepatitis C (HCV), Venereal Disease Research Laboratory (VDRL)~*
Patients who have any conditions that would contraindicate an MRI, such as the presence metallic objects in the
eyes, skin, or heart~* Patients who have >4 cerebral microhemorrhages (regardless of their anatomical location
or diagnostic characterization as possible or definite), a single area of superficial siderosis, or evidence of
a prior microhemorrhage as assessed by MRI~* Patients who have history of malignant cancer within the last 5
years (The following is a partial list of conditions that are permissible for study entry: non-metastatic basal
and/or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin, in situ cervical, or non-progressive prostate cancer)~* Patients
who have suspected active lung disease based on chest X-ray~* Patients who are hypersensitive to fetal bovine
serum or penicillin~* Patients who are currently using immunosuppressants, cytotoxic drug, corticosteroids or
similar steroidal anti-inflammatory medication (e.g., Prednisone) on a regular basis (exceptions allowed
include; regular use of steroidal nasal sprays, topical steroids, and estrogen-replacement therapy)~* Patients
for whom the investigator judges the liposuction may cause a problem
