Exclusion Criteria~1. Subjects who are female who are pregnant, nursing, or of childbearing potential and not
practicing effective contraception.~2. Subjects who have signs of delirium.~3. Subjects who have had a cortical
stroke within the preceding 2 years.~4. Subjects who have any diagnosis of dementia other than that related to
Alzheimer's Disease, including concomitant vascular dementia.~5. Subjects who have a PET scan performed after
onset of symptoms with negative amyloid results.~6. Subjects with a history of myocardial infarction, unstable
angina, New York Heart Association (NYHA) class III or IV heart failure or stroke within the last 12 months.~7.
Subjects with uncontrolled hypertension (systolic blood pressure >160mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure > 95mm
Hg) or hypotension (systolic blood pressure <90mm Hg or diastolic blood pressure <50mm Hg).~8. Subjects who
have clinically significant renal impairment (creatinine > 1.5x ULN) or hepatic impairment (AST or ALT > 2.5x
ULN or total bilirubin > 1.5x ULN).~9. Subjects who have history of cancer or malignant tumor within 5 years
prior to screening with the exception of:~ 1. Basal or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin or cervical
dysplasia which has been adequately treated.~ 2. In situ Grade 1 cervical cancer, fully treated at least 2
years prior to screening and without recurrence.~ 3. Prostate cancer, confined to the prostate gland, which has
been adequately treated (surgery and/or radiation) with normal or low and stable PSA levels for 2 years prior
to screening.~10. Subjects who have history of untreated thyroid disorder or a seizure disorder.~11. Subjects
who are being treated, or likely to require treatment during the study, with any medications prohibited by the
study protocol.~12. Subjects who have participated in any investigational drug or device trial within the
previous 30 days or five half-lives of the investigational drug at screening, whichever one is longer.~13.
Subjects who have any other clinically significant abnormal result in laboratory tests such as abnormally low
B12 or high TSH levels, as determined by the Investigator.~14. Subjects with any current psychiatric diagnosis
other than AD if, in the judgment of the investigator, the psychiatric disorder or symptom is likely to
confound interpretation of drug effect, affect cognitive assessments, or affect the subject's ability to
complete the study.~15. Subjects whose treatment with FDA-approved AD medication (donepezil, galantamine,
memantine, rivastigmine or their combinations) has not been stable for at least 3 months prior to screening.
Treatment and dosing should remain stable, with no changes throughout the trial.~16. Subjects who are currently
receiving (or unable to stop use for at least 21 days \[3 weeks\] prior to receiving the first dose of the
AR1001 and throughout the study) prescription or non-prescription medications or other products known to be
moderate or potent inhibitors/inducers of CYP3A4.~17. Subjects who have had any intake of grapefruit,
grapefruit juice, Seville oranges, Seville orange marmalade, or other products containing grapefruit or Seville
oranges within 7 days of the first administration of the AR1001 and throughout the study.~18. Subjects, in the
opinion of the Investigator, who are unsuitable to participate in the study.~Extension Phase Continuation
Criterion~1. Subjects enrolled in AR1001-ADP2-US01 and completed 26 weeks of assigned dosing.
