Exclusion Criteria~Subjects meeting any of the following criteria must not be included in the study:~1. Has a
history of a psychiatric disorder such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder or major depression according to the
criteria of the most current version of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). Mild
depression or history of depression that is stable on treatment with a SSRI or SNRI medication at a stable dose
is acceptable.~2. History of a seizure disorder.~3. Has a history or current evidence of long QT syndrome,
Fridericia's formula corrected QT (QTcF) interval â‰¥ 450ms, or torsades de pointes.~4. Has bradycardia (<50 bpm)
or tachycardia (>100 bpm) on the ECG at screening.~5. Has uncontrolled Type-1 or Type-2 diabetes . A Subject
with HbA1c levels up to 7.5% can be enrolled if the investigator believes the subject's diabetes is under
control.~6. Has clinically significant renal or hepatic impairment.~7. Has any clinically significant abnormal
laboratory values. Subjects with liver function tests (aspartate aminotransferase \[AST\] or alanine
aminotransferase \[ALT\]) greater than twice the upper limit of normal will be excluded.~8. Is at imminent risk
of self-harm, based on clinical interview and responses on the C SSRS, or of harm to others in the opinion of
the Investigators. Subjects must be excluded if they report suicidal ideation with intent, with or without a
plan or method (e.g. positive response to Items 4 or 5 in assessment of suicidal ideation on the C SSRS) in the
past 2 months, or suicidal behavior in the past 6 months.~9. Has four or more signal hypointensities on
T2\*-weighted gradient recalled echo magnetic resonance sequences that are thought to represent hemosiderin
deposits including microhemorrhages and superficial siderosis or evidence of acute or sub-acute micro or
microhemorrhage as noted on the MRI scan.~10. Has cancer or has had a malignant tumor within the past year,
except patients who underwent potentially curative therapy with no evidence of recurrence. (Patients with
stable untreated prostate cancer or skin cancers are not excluded).~11. Alcohol / Substance use disorder,
moderate to severe, in the last 5 years according to the most current version DSM.~12. Participation in another
clinical trial with an investigational agent and have taken at least one dose of study medication, unless
unblinded on placebo, within 60 days prior to the start of screening. (The end of a previous investigational
trial is the date the last dose of an investigational agent was taken), or five half-lives of the
investigational drug, whichever is greater.~13. Subjects with infection or inflammation of the skin or skin
disease at or in proximity to the lumbar puncture site.~14. History of lumbar spine surgery or chronic low back
pain (CLBP).~15. Subjects with learning disability or developmental delay.~16. Subjects whom the site PI deems
to be otherwise ineligible.
