Exclusion Criteria:~* Exposure to an experimental drug, experimental biologic or experimental medical device
within 2 months (60 days) before screening~* Prior participation in an amyloid vaccination clinical study at
any time in the past or completion of a passive amyloid vaccination study within 6 months before screening~*
Inability to swallow a tablet~* In the judgment of the investigator, inability of the subject or the support
person/caregiver to complete a 26-week study~* Inability to be ≥75% compliant with single-blind study drug~*
Inability to adequately cooperate or complete the cognitive testing procedures or any study assessment~*
Residence in a skilled nursing facility~* Untreated vitamin B12 or folate deficiency (if treated, must be
stably treated for at least 6 months before screening)~* Clinically significant (in the judgment of the
investigator) abnormal serum electrolytes (sodium, potassium, magnesium) after repeat testing~* Clinically
significant untreated hypothyroidism (if treated, thyroid-stimulating hormone level and thyroid supplementation
dose must be stable for at least 6 months before screening)~* Insufficiently controlled diabetes mellitus (in
the judgment of the investigator) or requiring insulin~* Renal insufficiency (serum creatinine >2.0 mg/dL)~*
Malignant tumor within 3 years before screening (except squamous and basal cell carcinoma or cervical carcinoma
in situ or localized prostate cancer)~* Female subjects who are pregnant, nursing, or planning to become
pregnant during the study~* Unstable medical condition that is clinically significant in the judgment of the
investigator~* Alanine transaminase (ALT) or aspartate transaminase (AST) >2.5 times the upper limit of
normal~* History of myocardial infarction or unstable angina within 6 months before screening~* History of more
than 1 myocardial infarction within 5 years before screening~* Clinically significant (in the judgment of the
investigator) cardiac arrhythmia (including atrial fibrillation), cardiomyopathy, or cardiac conduction defect
(subjects with a pacemaker are acceptable)~* Symptomatic hypotension or hypertension (supine diastolic blood
pressure >95 mmHg) (in the judgment of the investigator)~* Clinically significant abnormality on screening or
baseline electrocardiogram (ECG), including but not necessarily limited to a confirmed corrected QT interval
(QTc) value ≥450 msec for males or ≥470 msec for females. In subjects with a QRS value >120msec, those with a
QTc value <500 msec may be eligible following discussion with the Medical Monitor.~* Stroke within 18 months
before screening, or history of a stroke concomitant with onset of dementia~* History of brain tumor, subdural
hematoma, or other clinically significant (in the judgment of the investigator) space-occupying lesion on CT or
MRI~* Head trauma with clinically significant (in the judgment of the investigator) loss of consciousness
within 12 months before screening or concurrent with the onset of dementia~* Onset of dementia secondary (in
the judgment of the investigator) to cardiac arrest, surgery with general anesthesia, or resuscitation~*
Specific degenerative central nervous system (CNS) disease diagnosis other than AD (eg, Huntington's disease,
Creutzfeld-Jacob disease, Down's syndrome, Fronto-Temporal Dementia, Parkinson's disease)~* Subjects with no
history of prior treatment with an AChEI (donepezil, rivastigmine, or galantamine)~* Memantine currently or
within 30 days before screening~* Antipsychotics; low doses (in the judgment of the investigator, except
clozapine) are allowed only if given for sleep disturbances, agitation and/or aggression, and only if the
subject has received a stable dose for at least 3 months before screening (but not within 8 hours before any
cognitive test)~* Tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors; all other antidepressants are
allowed only if the subject has received a stable dose for at least 3 months before screening~* Antiepileptic
medications if taken for control of seizures~* Chronic intake of opioid-containing analgesics~* Sedating H1
antihistamines~* Nicotine therapy (including the patch), varenicline (Chantix), or similar therapeutic agent
within 30 days before screening~* Clinically significant urine drug screen or serum alcohol test result in the
judgment of the investigator~* History of ischemic colitis or ischemic enterocolitis
