Exclusion Criteria:~1. Failure to perform screening or baseline examinations~2. Hospitalization or change of
chronic concomitant medication one month prior to screening or during screening period~3. Clinical, laboratory
or neuro-imaging findings consistent with:~ * other primary degenerative dementia (dementia with Lewy bodies,
fronto- temporal dementia, Huntington's disease, Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease, Down's syndrome, etc.);~ * other
neurodegenerative condition (Parkinson's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, etc.);~ * orthostatic
hypotension and autonomic disorders~ * cerebrovascular disease (major infarct, one strategic or multiple
lacunar infarcts, extensive white matter lesions > one quarter of the total white matter);~ * other central
nervous system diseases (severe head trauma, tumors, subdural hematoma or other space occupying processes,
etc.);~ * seizure disorder;~ * other infectious, metabolic, or systemic diseases affecting the central nervous
system (syphilis, present hypothyroidism, present vitamin B12 or folate deficiency, serum electrolytes out of
normal range, juvenile onset diabetes mellitus, etc.).~4. A current DSM-V diagnosis of active major depression,
schizophrenia, or bipolar disorder~5. Any suicidal ideation or suicidal behavior in the C-SSRS (C-SSRS score >
0)~6. Clinically significant, advanced, or unstable disease that may interfere with primary or secondary
variable evaluations, and which may bias the assessment of the clinical or mental status of the patient or put
the patient at special risk, such as:~ * history of any kind of psychosis~ * chronic liver disease, liver
function test abnormalities or other signs of hepatic insufficiency (ALT, AST, Gamma GT, alkaline phosphatase >
2.5 ULN);~ * respiratory insufficiency;~ * renal insufficiency (serum creatinine >2 mg/dl) or creatinine
clearance ≤ 30 mL/min according to Cockcroft-Gault formula). In case of creatinine clearance ≤30 mL/min, an
alternative verification of the renal function must be completed using Cystatin C analysis. In case of normal
level of Cystatin C, the patient can be included;~ * heart disease (myocardial infarction, unstable angina,
heart failure, cardiomyopathy within six months before screening);~ * bradycardia (heart beat <50/min.) or
tachycardia (heart beat >95/min);~ * hypertension (>140/90 mm/Hg) or hypotension (<90/60 mm/Hg) requiring
treatment with more than three drugs;~ * AV block (type II / Mobitz II and type III), congenital long QT
syndrome, sinus node dysfunction or prolonged QTcB-interval (males >450 and females >470 msec);~ * uncontrolled
diabetes defined by HbA1c >8.5;~ * malignancies within the last five years except skin malignancies (other than
melanoma) or indolent prostate cancer;~ * metastases;~ * disability that may prevent the patient from
completing all study requirements (e.g. blindness, deafness, severe language difficulty, etc.);~ * women who
are fertile and of childbearing potential;~ * chronic daily drug intake of ≥ 14 days or expected for ≥ 14
days:~ * benzodiazepines, neuroleptics or major sedatives,~ * antiepileptics,~ * centrally active
anti-hypertensive drugs (clonidine, l-methyl DOPA, guanidine, guanfacine, etc.),~ * opioid containing
analgesics,~ * nootropic drugs (except Ginkgo Biloba);~ * suspected or known drug or alcohol abuse, i.e., more
than approximately 60 g alcohol (approximately 1 liter of beer or 500 ml of wine) per day, indicated by
elevated mean corpuscular volume (MCV) above normal value at screening; (Please advise all subjects that
because of possible additive effects, patients should not be taking alcohol in combination with rotigotine).~ *
suspected or known allergy to any components of the study treatments;~ * hypersensitivity to the active
substance rotigotine or to any of the excipients contained in the patches (according to SmPC).~ * enrollment in
another investigational study or intake of investigational drug within the previous three months or five times
the half-life of the IMP/metabolites (whichever is longer)~ * any condition, which, in the opinion of the
investigator, makes the patient unsuitable for inclusion;~ * if the patient is in any way dependent on the
sponsor or the principal investigator or if the patient is accommodated in an establishment on judicial or
administrative order.
