Exclusion Criteria~1. Presence of a neurologic or neuropsychiatric condition or imaging finding associated with
a neurologic or neuropsychiatric condition other than AD that can be associated with dementia or confound the
evaluation of dementia, including but not limited to Parkinson's disease, Huntington's disease, frontotemporal
dementia, cerebrovascular disease, (diseases related to or events associated with disruption of blood flow to
the brain), seizure disorders, inflammatory or infectious disorders of the central nervous system, normal
pressure hydrocephalus, traumatic brain injury, uncontrolled major depression, psychosis, bipolar disorder, and
long-term sequelae of alcohol or substance abuse.~2. History of stroke or transient ischemic attack (TIA)
within 12 months of screening.~3. Epileptic or epileptiform seizure within 12 months of screening.~4. Current
participation in another clinical trial or completed participation in an interventional trial less than 30 days
prior to the screening visit (90 days for a biological treatment).~5. Involvement in an AÎ² or tau vaccination
trial for AD unless known to have received only placebo.~6. Current diagnosis and/or healthcare
professional-recommended treatment (medication and/or diet) of diabetes mellitus type 1 or type 2.~7.
Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c) ≥ 6.5% at the screening visit~8. Prior treatment with SLS-005, any other IV trehalose
formulation, or known hypersensitivity to trehalose.~9. Is receiving aducanumab or any other immunotherapy for
treatment of dementia including AD.~10. Regular use (≥ 3 days per week) of prescribed or pharmacy-purchased
opiates, opioids, or benzodiazepines.~11. Pregnant or breastfeeding.~12. History of alcohol or drug abuse
within the last 2 years.~13. Chronic liver disease including Hepatitis B; Hepatitis C unless successful
curative treatment is documented; human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection.~14. Prior history of
drug-induced liver injury (DILI) and/or laboratory results at screening that indicate inadequate liver function
(e.g., alanine aminotransferase \[ALT\], aspartate aminotransferase \[AST\], gamma-glutamyl transferase \[GGT\]
> 2 times the upper limit of normal \[x ULN\] and/or total bilirubin level > 2 x ULN).~15. Laboratory results
at screening that indicate inadequate renal function (e.g., estimated creatinine clearance of < 60 mL/min
calculated by the Cockcroft and Gault formula).~16. Recent history of heart failure or unexplained edema or any
current cardiovascular disease or abnormality on 12-lead ECG at screening that, in the investigator's opinion,
is clinically significant and could be a potential safety risk to the participant, including risk factors for
stroke (e.g., atrial fibrillation, cardiomyopathy).~17. History of cancer (currently active or in remission)
within 5 years prior to screening, excluding treated basal or squamous skin cancer, or stable prostate
cancer.~18. Lack of reliable venous access for the weekly administration of study drug.~19. Contraindications
to the lumbar puncture (LP) procedure such as prior lumbosacral spine surgery, severe degenerative joint
disease or deformity of the spine, platelet count < 100,000, use of an anticoagulant (e.g., warfarin), or
history of a bleeding disorder.~20. Any current psychiatric or neurological disorder other than AD that, in the
investigator's opinion, may interfere with the participant's ability to provide informed consent or
appropriately complete the study's safety or efficacy assessments.~21. Significant suicide risk as indicated by
a yes response to #4 or #5 under Suicidal Ideation or any yes response under Suicidal Behavior on the Columbia
Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) during the screening visit.~22. Any other medical condition or abnormal
finding during screening that, in the investigator's opinion, could confound collection or interpretation of
safety or efficacy data or be a potential safety risk to the participant.
